h a k ɯ	grammatical
l ɯ v e	grammatical
r y f e	grammatical
j o z e	grammatical
k i tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ e j e	grammatical
l i z i	grammatical
d y s y	grammatical
z o ʒ u	grammatical
n y v a	grammatical
t o p e	grammatical
ʎ o t e	grammatical
v e ʒ i	grammatical
k e h a	grammatical
ʒ e ɟ e	grammatical
ʒ o l e	grammatical
d o ɡ u	grammatical
z a b ɯ	grammatical
k a v e	grammatical
dʒ i ʃ i	grammatical
ʎ y r y	grammatical
p u r e	grammatical
ʃ o ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j a j e	grammatical
k a tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ i b i	grammatical
ʎ ø s a	grammatical
t i dʒ a	grammatical
k i ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
n y tʃ y	grammatical
z y s a	grammatical
s y j a	grammatical
n e f a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
s ø p a	grammatical
l ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
b e ʒ i	grammatical
k a s ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a l ɯ	grammatical
s a s e	grammatical
ɟ i b a	grammatical
ɡ e t e	grammatical
n ɯ l e	grammatical
n ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ o j u	grammatical
ʎ e tʃ a	grammatical
s ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
r o b u	grammatical
s a n ɯ	grammatical
v a p e	grammatical
dʒ ø dʒ y	grammatical
v i v i	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ i l a	grammatical
m u ɟ e	grammatical
z ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
m y d a	grammatical
d i l i	grammatical
k ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
k o p e	grammatical
tʃ ø ʃ a	grammatical
s i n i	grammatical
ɡ ø k e	grammatical
h y p y	grammatical
k u h u	grammatical
n y k a	grammatical
v ø v e	grammatical
d ɯ b a	grammatical
r o f u	grammatical
ʎ u dʒ u	grammatical
t o f e	grammatical
ɟ o ɟ u	grammatical
z a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
t o ʃ a	grammatical
k i ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m e	grammatical
r e t i	grammatical
p i n e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
r i s a	grammatical
tʃ i k a	grammatical
d i tʃ i	grammatical
v a n e	grammatical
d e z i	grammatical
r ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i s a	grammatical
ɡ y r e	grammatical
ʃ ø h a	grammatical
p o ʎ e	grammatical
z a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
f e d a	grammatical
z e b i	grammatical
dʒ i n i	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ e	grammatical
d ø v a	grammatical
ʒ u h a	grammatical
j a b e	grammatical
v ɯ k e	grammatical
ɡ ø ɟ e	grammatical
b o p e	grammatical
ʒ ø t a	grammatical
dʒ i k i	grammatical
ʃ y p e	grammatical
t ɯ n e	grammatical
l ø f y	grammatical
v ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j e h e	grammatical
b u l u	grammatical
b e k i	grammatical
v o dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y n y	grammatical
n ɯ h a	grammatical
b e ʒ e	grammatical
r ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ i m a	grammatical
ʒ a m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø ɡ y	grammatical
h y ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ e ɟ a	grammatical
l i l a	grammatical
r i ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ h e	grammatical
p y n e	grammatical
ʒ y h a	grammatical
ɡ o ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ o h u	grammatical
ʎ u dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ r a	grammatical
z y h e	grammatical
n e m i	grammatical
s ø l a	grammatical
k i t e	grammatical
t o s e	grammatical
z ø z y	grammatical
h e z e	grammatical
ɟ a b e	grammatical
s u b u	grammatical
v ø t y	grammatical
b y p a	grammatical
l e s a	grammatical
n a r a	grammatical
p a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
m e r a	grammatical
t o ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n e	grammatical
tʃ o n e	grammatical
n e dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a k e	grammatical
f i dʒ i	grammatical
dʒ i f e	grammatical
dʒ y j a	grammatical
b e ʃ i	grammatical
p y ʃ y	grammatical
ɡ ɯ v a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
f e r e	grammatical
f a ɡ a	grammatical
d u n e	grammatical
s i ɡ e	grammatical
f ø m e	grammatical
r ø dʒ y	grammatical
k o ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ u v u	grammatical
t a ʒ e	grammatical
l o s u	grammatical
b e ɡ a	grammatical
l u k e	grammatical
dʒ e p i	grammatical
h a j ɯ	grammatical
f a m e	grammatical
tʃ y s y	grammatical
v o l e	grammatical
z i s e	grammatical
ʒ e n a	grammatical
n i s a	grammatical
ʎ ø k a	grammatical
ɟ i s a	grammatical
n o dʒ e	grammatical
s y d e	grammatical
m u ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
v ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y ɟ y	grammatical
ʒ i s i	grammatical
d e r a	grammatical
d u r a	grammatical
t o n a	grammatical
h ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
r ø h y	grammatical
b e ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ v e	grammatical
ʃ ø tʃ y	grammatical
h o ʃ u	grammatical
m i l i	grammatical
k ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
s a ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ a m a	grammatical
s i ʒ i	grammatical
v ø f a	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ f a	grammatical
ʎ a dʒ e	grammatical
v ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
m o ʃ e	grammatical
p e n a	grammatical
j ɯ v e	grammatical
d e s a	grammatical
j y f a	grammatical
p o p e	grammatical
j i t i	grammatical
ɟ ø b a	grammatical
ʎ e p i	grammatical
h o f u	grammatical
k y j y	grammatical
s i l a	grammatical
t i ʃ i	grammatical
v ø v y	grammatical
r y t e	grammatical
m e p a	grammatical
t ɯ r a	grammatical
ʒ ø d e	grammatical
ʃ o m u	grammatical
j y s a	grammatical
f ø l e	grammatical
k ø n e	grammatical
ʒ e m a	grammatical
tʃ u d e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
f o j e	grammatical
ʃ a n e	grammatical
ʎ o v e	grammatical
l e ɡ i	grammatical
t y m y	grammatical
ʒ e tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ u ʎ u	grammatical
s ø ɟ a	grammatical
s i n a	grammatical
r e dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y f e	grammatical
n y ɟ e	grammatical
h u b a	grammatical
ʎ e n i	grammatical
d a d a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
j ø z e	grammatical
j a f e	grammatical
t e z e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
v o d a	grammatical
tʃ a b a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
r y r a	grammatical
z u ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ a	grammatical
p o tʃ a	grammatical
r a m a	grammatical
m ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
t i v a	grammatical
ɟ u d e	grammatical
ʎ u ʃ e	grammatical
z y p e	grammatical
t u r e	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ u	grammatical
s e dʒ e	grammatical
p o n e	grammatical
j o f e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
d u n u	grammatical
dʒ ø r y	grammatical
r a r a	grammatical
h i z a	grammatical
p y f e	grammatical
f i m e	grammatical
p y ɟ y	grammatical
l o d e	grammatical
ɟ u l e	grammatical
ʃ o n u	grammatical
t ø v e	grammatical
j a ɟ e	grammatical
f ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
r o ʃ e	grammatical
h y h e	grammatical
ʒ e dʒ a	grammatical
s o l a	grammatical
tʃ u b a	grammatical
z o ɡ e	grammatical
r o dʒ u	grammatical
dʒ y l y	grammatical
ʒ o dʒ e	grammatical
j ø v a	grammatical
r ɯ p e	grammatical
ʃ o ɡ a	grammatical
l i s a	grammatical
r a l a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
v e p a	grammatical
k y ʒ a	grammatical
f ø l y	grammatical
b u tʃ a	grammatical
f ɯ m e	grammatical
f a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø z y	grammatical
v ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ e b a	grammatical
d e dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ o m a	grammatical
p u v a	grammatical
r o d e	grammatical
ɡ a tʃ e	grammatical
t e ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ i z e	grammatical
ɟ u v e	grammatical
ʒ u b e	grammatical
p u ɡ a	grammatical
z u dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ u h a	grammatical
p o ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a r a	grammatical
r e h e	grammatical
h i s e	grammatical
f o ʎ a	grammatical
l e k i	grammatical
p i tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ e f a	grammatical
h a l e	grammatical
v ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
v e j i	grammatical
m y b a	grammatical
m ɯ p a	grammatical
ʎ ø k e	grammatical
t i f i	grammatical
ɟ i l i	grammatical
t e n i	grammatical
tʃ u n a	grammatical
ʒ i j i	grammatical
m o l e	grammatical
ʃ u n a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ z e	grammatical
ɡ a p a	grammatical
ʎ u n a	grammatical
ɟ e j e	grammatical
z a h a	grammatical
r o ʃ a	grammatical
p ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ e f e	grammatical
r a s e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a l a	grammatical
j u ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ y v e	grammatical
d ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
d o m u	grammatical
j i r a	grammatical
z ɯ m e	grammatical
k o tʃ e	grammatical
n e b i	grammatical
n a tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ l e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ m a	grammatical
h a t a	grammatical
n i d e	grammatical
k e j a	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ a	grammatical
m a n e	grammatical
n i dʒ e	grammatical
t y v a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
b y b y	grammatical
k u ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ o p u	grammatical
h i j i	grammatical
p i r i	grammatical
ʃ o t u	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
s i tʃ i	grammatical
h y v y	grammatical
h e ʃ i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ b e	grammatical
s ɯ m e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
k y tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ o d e	grammatical
f ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
t ø s y	grammatical
f y s e	grammatical
b u k u	grammatical
t i h a	grammatical
k o ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ a l a	grammatical
h a ɡ a	grammatical
j e p i	grammatical
h a ʎ e	grammatical
d o tʃ a	grammatical
h ø ɟ a	grammatical
b y m e	grammatical
l y ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ y ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ u tʃ a	grammatical
t e tʃ e	grammatical
p e s e	grammatical
f o z e	grammatical
n e ʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ k a	grammatical
z ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
n u f a	grammatical
n o ɡ u	grammatical
ʒ u r e	grammatical
dʒ ø z a	grammatical
n ø s e	grammatical
m e ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ i b a	grammatical
z e t e	grammatical
f e ʃ a	grammatical
l y l e	grammatical
h y ɡ e	grammatical
k o ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ y dʒ a	grammatical
h ɯ n e	grammatical
m u j e	grammatical
p ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i s a	grammatical
s e ɟ a	grammatical
j i ɟ i	grammatical
ɟ e ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ y h e	grammatical
n e ɟ e	grammatical
p u j u	grammatical
v a ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ø b a	grammatical
tʃ i j e	grammatical
ɡ a s a	grammatical
r o ɡ a	grammatical
z e z i	grammatical
d u r u	grammatical
v ø ɟ e	grammatical
s o b e	grammatical
h ɯ s e	grammatical
ɟ o h u	grammatical
l ø ʃ y	grammatical
t u ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ e ʎ a	grammatical
t o ɟ a	grammatical
z i p e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ t e	grammatical
t u b e	grammatical
h e p a	grammatical
n i j e	grammatical
p o l u	grammatical
s a m ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a d e	grammatical
tʃ o l e	grammatical
f u h a	grammatical
ʒ ø ʎ y	grammatical
ɟ i r e	grammatical
d ɯ p a	grammatical
h y h a	grammatical
h i l i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ o j u	grammatical
ʎ ø l y	grammatical
b y n a	grammatical
ʎ e ʎ e	grammatical
d u v e	grammatical
ʎ e k a	grammatical
r i dʒ e	grammatical
m e r e	grammatical
h y ɡ a	grammatical
m ø ɟ a	grammatical
p u ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ y m y	grammatical
k o dʒ e	grammatical
j u ɟ u	grammatical
b a p e	grammatical
t ø ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ e	grammatical
s y n e	grammatical
j y v y	grammatical
ʎ i r i	grammatical
ɟ o b u	grammatical
k i b i	grammatical
ɡ a h ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ d a	grammatical
ʒ y dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ e n i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
l e z e	grammatical
ʎ u ʎ u	grammatical
r a ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ a m a	grammatical
n u ɟ a	grammatical
k ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
l a dʒ e	grammatical
h i s a	grammatical
b o r u	grammatical
n o n u	grammatical
dʒ ø ʒ y	grammatical
d y d y	grammatical
z u b e	grammatical
m o b a	grammatical
ʎ e ʒ i	grammatical
ʒ o r a	grammatical
j ø dʒ a	grammatical
z u t e	grammatical
p ɯ h e	grammatical
r u t u	grammatical
ʎ i tʃ i	grammatical
n y l y	grammatical
n e s a	grammatical
j o ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ i r e	grammatical
ɡ i p e	grammatical
f a l a	grammatical
ʎ u f u	grammatical
dʒ ø ʎ y	grammatical
v a ʎ a	grammatical
k a dʒ e	grammatical
t a ʎ a	grammatical
b ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
v o ɟ u	grammatical
m i dʒ e	grammatical
l u tʃ u	grammatical
t a k a	grammatical
j e ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ u	grammatical
ʎ ø n e	grammatical
j ø s e	grammatical
n e dʒ a	grammatical
b u j a	grammatical
dʒ o s a	grammatical
b ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
h y k a	grammatical
tʃ ø l a	grammatical
d a ɟ e	grammatical
j ɯ l a	grammatical
h u z u	grammatical
d a k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y z e	grammatical
ʒ ø h y	grammatical
t y ʃ a	grammatical
r o z a	grammatical
p y l e	grammatical
h i n i	grammatical
ʃ a p ɯ	grammatical
f y l e	grammatical
j a h ɯ	grammatical
t o d u	grammatical
dʒ y d a	grammatical
dʒ u m u	grammatical
dʒ i tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ u tʃ u	grammatical
f i r i	grammatical
ʎ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
d a s a	grammatical
t y ɡ e	grammatical
k a t ɯ	grammatical
r ø tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ i t i	grammatical
ʃ y ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ o v e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø ɡ y	grammatical
ʒ u s a	grammatical
n ø l y	grammatical
n ɯ v a	grammatical
v a t ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y dʒ y	grammatical
b a p a	grammatical
t y v e	grammatical
b u r e	grammatical
n u ɡ a	grammatical
s ø v e	grammatical
p o b u	grammatical
b e v i	grammatical
ɡ o h a	grammatical
d o m a	grammatical
p y tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ y ɟ a	grammatical
ʎ y h a	grammatical
ʎ o dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ u r a	grammatical
d u f u	grammatical
ɟ y j y	grammatical
v i t i	grammatical
k y h y	grammatical
ɡ ɯ l a	grammatical
l ø h e	grammatical
ʎ i t e	grammatical
ʒ o z u	grammatical
d ø j e	grammatical
ʒ ø l a	grammatical
l ø k e	grammatical
k i j a	grammatical
t i ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ ø j a	grammatical
ɡ o k e	grammatical
s a ʃ a	grammatical
d i b i	grammatical
ɟ e ʃ a	grammatical
d a j a	grammatical
k a ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y j a	grammatical
r u f u	grammatical
p u b a	grammatical
l ø l a	grammatical
m o n u	grammatical
b e s i	grammatical
ʒ u t e	grammatical
z e p e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ h a	grammatical
m a ʒ a	grammatical
k a b a	grammatical
t ø l y	grammatical
t u b a	grammatical
z e ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ a b a	grammatical
f y d a	grammatical
k y ʒ y	grammatical
f ɯ m a	grammatical
r e ʎ a	grammatical
r ø ɡ e	grammatical
r i p i	grammatical
ɟ a j ɯ	grammatical
k o m a	grammatical
h ɯ f e	grammatical
n a f a	grammatical
n o f u	grammatical
b y j y	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ i	grammatical
k ɯ j a	grammatical
n u h e	grammatical
l o ʃ u	grammatical
ɟ o s e	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ u ɡ a	grammatical
m y n y	grammatical
t u t e	grammatical
f ø p y	grammatical
dʒ y p y	grammatical
ʎ y f y	grammatical
ɟ y ɡ e	grammatical
j e s i	grammatical
r i ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ y d e	grammatical
m e t e	grammatical
p i r a	grammatical
f e b a	grammatical
r ø tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ y ʃ y	grammatical
ɟ e r i	grammatical
ɡ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
t a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
s e h i	grammatical
l o p e	grammatical
s u n a	grammatical
t e k a	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ i	grammatical
p o h a	grammatical
ʎ i f a	grammatical
v ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
j o r u	grammatical
l o ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ i ʎ i	grammatical
ʃ e f i	grammatical
h y k y	grammatical
r u z a	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ a	grammatical
b ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
b a ɟ e	grammatical
s a ʒ a	grammatical
z a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
h o b e	grammatical
ʎ y ɟ a	grammatical
v e tʃ e	grammatical
k o dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ a m a	grammatical
k a r a	grammatical
h i r i	grammatical
n e h i	grammatical
d u ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n a	grammatical
r u k a	grammatical
b o f e	grammatical
n o k u	grammatical
p a m e	grammatical
s u j e	grammatical
b e j e	grammatical
t a b ɯ	grammatical
n i ʒ a	grammatical
dʒ i b i	grammatical
l u ʒ u	grammatical
m o p e	grammatical
r u f a	grammatical
s u r u	grammatical
d u ɡ a	grammatical
j u n e	grammatical
p a ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ ø h e	grammatical
ʒ o v a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ k e	grammatical
r ɯ h a	grammatical
dʒ y z e	grammatical
f o d a	grammatical
j a d e	grammatical
p i ɡ a	grammatical
h u t e	grammatical
ɡ e b i	grammatical
k u ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ f a	grammatical
ʃ i h i	grammatical
v ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
m y j y	grammatical
v u b a	grammatical
l e p a	grammatical
s ø tʃ a	grammatical
k ø n y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m a	grammatical
ʒ y l a	grammatical
s ø r e	grammatical
k y l y	grammatical
s ø f e	grammatical
h i d e	grammatical
k ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
h ɯ m e	grammatical
m ø ɡ y	grammatical
s y ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ø h a	grammatical
k ø ɡ y	grammatical
b o b e	grammatical
dʒ u k e	grammatical
p o d e	grammatical
s i tʃ e	grammatical
h ø ɟ e	grammatical
p u f a	grammatical
n y ɟ y	grammatical
t u r a	grammatical
ʃ i n a	grammatical
f ø f y	grammatical
p e ʎ a	grammatical
f o dʒ a	grammatical
v e l e	grammatical
k ɯ h e	grammatical
l a h a	grammatical
ʃ i d a	grammatical
ʃ ø ʃ a	grammatical
j i j i	grammatical
ʃ i ɡ e	grammatical
t e s i	grammatical
f ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
b a m e	grammatical
ʒ o d a	grammatical
m y dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ i d i	grammatical
m i k e	grammatical
p y t y	grammatical
m y ɡ e	grammatical
z y d a	grammatical
tʃ y p e	grammatical
f u dʒ u	grammatical
ɡ ɯ h e	grammatical
m a b ɯ	grammatical
n ø p a	grammatical
l ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
r a d e	grammatical
z ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
d e ɟ i	grammatical
m ø h a	grammatical
h ø ʎ a	grammatical
l i z a	grammatical
dʒ u j a	grammatical
t e n a	grammatical
j ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
l o ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
b a k e	grammatical
n o m u	grammatical
z e n i	grammatical
ɟ i k e	grammatical
dʒ y ʎ y	grammatical
ʎ o m e	grammatical
k ø ʎ y	grammatical
n ɯ f e	grammatical
ɟ e h e	grammatical
t e k i	grammatical
ʃ y z y	grammatical
ʎ u p u	grammatical
dʒ o n a	grammatical
p ø f y	grammatical
h ø d y	grammatical
h a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
h e n a	grammatical
b i p e	grammatical
f ø r y	grammatical
s y ɡ y	grammatical
b i b a	grammatical
t o ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ y dʒ y	grammatical
f ø z a	grammatical
t i m e	grammatical
n i dʒ i	grammatical
z o dʒ a	grammatical
z u b a	grammatical
n ɯ t a	grammatical
f ø dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ u t u	grammatical
s a t e	grammatical
t a s e	grammatical
t ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
f e m e	grammatical
j y ʎ y	grammatical
l ɯ m a	grammatical
l u p a	grammatical
ʎ ø p a	grammatical
ʎ e dʒ a	grammatical
f i n e	grammatical
ɡ i f i	grammatical
v y d y	grammatical
n o t a	grammatical
m i ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ u r e	grammatical
m u h u	grammatical
k y h e	grammatical
v o t u	grammatical
f u m u	grammatical
j e n i	grammatical
ɡ i ʃ e	grammatical
k u k u	grammatical
n e ʎ e	grammatical
b o l a	grammatical
n e ɡ e	grammatical
r a v a	grammatical
n a h a	grammatical
h o ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ u ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ o ɡ e	grammatical
l e ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ i l e	grammatical
j u j a	grammatical
h ɯ r a	grammatical
n ø tʃ a	grammatical
n u j e	grammatical
z ø m e	grammatical
v ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ e k a	grammatical
ʒ o r u	grammatical
ʃ y l e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ø k e	grammatical
ʃ e ʒ e	grammatical
f a p ɯ	grammatical
ʃ y k e	grammatical
n ɯ p a	grammatical
j y m a	grammatical
j ø z a	grammatical
b e n i	grammatical
dʒ y r e	grammatical
s i h a	grammatical
j i z i	grammatical
k i v a	grammatical
d a tʃ e	grammatical
j u s a	grammatical
s ɯ d a	grammatical
d e tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ i ɡ e	grammatical
d u t u	grammatical
tʃ o ɟ e	grammatical
t o ʎ u	grammatical
t y j y	grammatical
ɟ a ʃ a	grammatical
z y f a	grammatical
d u h a	grammatical
d e d e	grammatical
r ø f y	grammatical
v u j u	grammatical
t i tʃ i	grammatical
ʎ e z e	grammatical
l ø p a	grammatical
ʃ o ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ y m a	grammatical
j ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
d o tʃ u	grammatical
h ɯ h e	grammatical
dʒ e k e	grammatical
r u ʎ e	grammatical
k e m e	grammatical
d e z a	grammatical
b o z a	grammatical
b a p ɯ	grammatical
v a n ɯ	grammatical
l a l e	grammatical
n e l i	grammatical
r u t a	grammatical
s ø d y	grammatical
s e l e	grammatical
n ø m a	grammatical
ɟ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
k i j i	grammatical
z i m i	grammatical
t a r e	grammatical
m y j e	grammatical
k i v i	grammatical
tʃ e k i	grammatical
ʒ i ɟ i	grammatical
ʃ i f e	grammatical
tʃ y p a	grammatical
k ø f e	grammatical
p ø d a	grammatical
ʎ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i d i	grammatical
m y ɟ y	grammatical
tʃ ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʒ i ʒ e	grammatical
r y j y	grammatical
h o m a	grammatical
k ɯ v a	grammatical
m ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u ʒ a	grammatical
h ɯ z a	grammatical
ʎ e b i	grammatical
r i d e	grammatical
p y ɡ a	grammatical
l a p ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ d a	grammatical
d y s e	grammatical
s e j i	grammatical
m o ʒ u	grammatical
t y l e	grammatical
j e s a	grammatical
h y tʃ e	grammatical
m y l y	grammatical
s e ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ d e	grammatical
tʃ i h a	grammatical
ʎ a r ɯ	grammatical
j o ʃ e	grammatical
b o ɟ e	grammatical
ʒ ø z e	grammatical
f i ɡ i	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
k ɯ d e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ r a	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ e b a	grammatical
f e k a	grammatical
tʃ i p i	grammatical
f y l a	grammatical
j u d u	grammatical
m y s y	grammatical
ɡ ø m y	grammatical
tʃ e ʎ i	grammatical
n u v a	grammatical
ɟ o v u	grammatical
h a s e	grammatical
n e k a	grammatical
ʎ e b e	grammatical
r ø ʒ y	grammatical
d y m y	grammatical
d y ʎ a	grammatical
b ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø t y	grammatical
f ɯ k a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
h y d e	grammatical
z y ɟ a	grammatical
d i ʃ e	grammatical
f u d u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
z a k ɯ	grammatical
h o s u	grammatical
tʃ ø v e	grammatical
ʒ ø v y	grammatical
ʒ o ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ a r a	grammatical
l u f a	grammatical
h e b a	grammatical
l u h u	grammatical
v i h i	grammatical
d o ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ e k e	grammatical
p i ʎ a	grammatical
b u t u	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ e	grammatical
h y s y	grammatical
ɡ i ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ e ʒ a	grammatical
l ø t e	grammatical
ɡ y h y	grammatical
ʒ ø ʒ a	grammatical
r y z y	grammatical
d e dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ a m e	grammatical
s o dʒ u	grammatical
t o b a	grammatical
ɟ ø p y	grammatical
j ø m a	grammatical
tʃ y s a	grammatical
j a ʃ e	grammatical
t u ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ e	grammatical
j y z a	grammatical
z e s a	grammatical
t ø m e	grammatical
b a d e	grammatical
dʒ i l i	grammatical
d i d e	grammatical
f ø tʃ a	grammatical
z e s i	grammatical
h y z a	grammatical
t ø v a	grammatical
b a f ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o h e	grammatical
s ø h a	grammatical
n ø d e	grammatical
f o d e	grammatical
n i j i	grammatical
z u n e	grammatical
z ø k a	grammatical
h a k e	grammatical
z ø r e	grammatical
l u v a	grammatical
n ɯ d e	grammatical
v ɯ l a	grammatical
dʒ y m e	grammatical
tʃ y b a	grammatical
k o b u	grammatical
ɟ ø t e	grammatical
d e ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
k y v y	grammatical
tʃ o m e	grammatical
k o v e	grammatical
h y ʃ a	grammatical
d i d a	grammatical
z y d e	grammatical
d a b e	grammatical
m y n e	grammatical
ʒ u v e	grammatical
b a l a	grammatical
ʃ ø d e	grammatical
d e j a	grammatical
n ɯ h e	grammatical
h e ʃ a	grammatical
b ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
p y m y	grammatical
d y z y	grammatical
l i h e	grammatical
z u r e	grammatical
k ø t a	grammatical
b i l a	grammatical
ʎ o ɟ e	grammatical
z o ɟ a	grammatical
h a v ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o n u	grammatical
j e r e	grammatical
k o dʒ u	grammatical
j i k e	grammatical
ʎ ø ʒ y	grammatical
f ø k e	grammatical
j i ʃ e	grammatical
h u z a	grammatical
tʃ o f u	grammatical
ʒ i f a	grammatical
l i r a	grammatical
dʒ y r y	grammatical
d ɯ l a	grammatical
r e f e	grammatical
tʃ u h e	grammatical
p ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ d e	grammatical
l u k u	grammatical
tʃ ø v y	grammatical
b i r i	grammatical
b o ʒ u	grammatical
f u j u	grammatical
v o j a	grammatical
ʎ y t y	grammatical
r ø r y	grammatical
ɟ u d a	grammatical
ɟ u z a	grammatical
d ɯ d a	grammatical
v e d i	grammatical
ʎ e ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ o r a	grammatical
ɟ y ʎ e	grammatical
j u m a	grammatical
ʃ e j a	grammatical
t y d e	grammatical
m e k i	grammatical
h ɯ l a	grammatical
m a f a	grammatical
m o ɡ e	grammatical
r u s a	grammatical
dʒ e l a	grammatical
p ø n y	grammatical
b y r e	grammatical
k ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ø n y	grammatical
k a m ɯ	grammatical
t o j e	grammatical
l ø dʒ a	grammatical
s o l e	grammatical
b o p u	grammatical
k u j u	grammatical
v o r u	grammatical
m y b e	grammatical
l a z a	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ a	grammatical
p i l i	grammatical
d ø s a	grammatical
ʒ a s a	grammatical
d y ɟ y	grammatical
n e p a	grammatical
h o ɟ u	grammatical
f o ɡ u	grammatical
ʃ o ɟ a	grammatical
d ø ɡ a	grammatical
s ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
s ø tʃ y	grammatical
dʒ u p u	grammatical
l ɯ h a	grammatical
m y f a	grammatical
k e f i	grammatical
s o z e	grammatical
ʒ y r e	grammatical
h ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
p o h u	grammatical
ʎ y m y	grammatical
t i z i	grammatical
t e l e	grammatical
l y n e	grammatical
r y s y	grammatical
v u r e	grammatical
z u d u	grammatical
ɟ ø v y	grammatical
b u n e	grammatical
tʃ u m a	grammatical
dʒ y ɡ e	grammatical
f i ɡ e	grammatical
r ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
z e j i	grammatical
b a n a	grammatical
m i f a	grammatical
ʎ ø b y	grammatical
ɟ e s i	grammatical
r y dʒ a	grammatical
v ø ʎ y	grammatical
h e ɡ e	grammatical
m ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y k e	grammatical
dʒ ø ʒ a	grammatical
p y b a	grammatical
s a ʎ a	grammatical
s o tʃ u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e k e	grammatical
p ɯ b e	grammatical
dʒ a z ɯ	grammatical
r e k i	grammatical
b u b u	grammatical
t e ʎ i	grammatical
tʃ ø j y	grammatical
k ø l e	grammatical
h e k e	grammatical
j ø ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ ø z y	grammatical
ɡ e p e	grammatical
f e v i	grammatical
ɟ u j e	grammatical
m e m a	grammatical
dʒ ø p y	grammatical
s ø j e	grammatical
t a r a	grammatical
s u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ ø ʃ a	grammatical
v u dʒ e	grammatical
s y h e	grammatical
ɟ o p e	grammatical
r ɯ n e	grammatical
v i d e	grammatical
ʎ o l e	grammatical
tʃ y t y	grammatical
b ø ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ u s a	grammatical
v y l a	grammatical
l e k e	grammatical
f i t i	grammatical
m y v y	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ a	grammatical
j y f e	grammatical
s e ɡ i	grammatical
j y ʃ a	grammatical
k o m e	grammatical
r u ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ e n i	grammatical
v y s e	grammatical
h a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y p a	grammatical
d y ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ o s e	grammatical
ʃ i k a	grammatical
p y ʎ y	grammatical
r u ɟ u	grammatical
dʒ e v a	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ a	grammatical
p e j a	grammatical
k ø ɟ a	grammatical
m y k e	grammatical
j y n y	grammatical
r u ɡ u	grammatical
f y s a	grammatical
j i d e	grammatical
f ø h y	grammatical
ɟ u ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ e	grammatical
l e d e	grammatical
tʃ ø n a	grammatical
l i m e	grammatical
l o tʃ u	grammatical
k o v a	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ u	grammatical
r y j a	grammatical
m e p i	grammatical
f a n e	grammatical
dʒ o m u	grammatical
j a p a	grammatical
f e s i	grammatical
v a h ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y n e	grammatical
v a t a	grammatical
p o f a	grammatical
ʃ i j a	grammatical
s u d u	grammatical
k ø l a	grammatical
h e ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ y ɡ a	grammatical
d a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
m o j a	grammatical
ʃ a ɡ e	grammatical
j ø d e	grammatical
ʒ ø l e	grammatical
v ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
v e ɡ e	grammatical
z y t e	grammatical
l o ɡ a	grammatical
n y dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u ʃ a	grammatical
d i dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ o n a	grammatical
k u v u	grammatical
s o ʎ u	grammatical
p ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
t y ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ i ɡ a	grammatical
s o z a	grammatical
v i t e	grammatical
s u ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ ø d e	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ i	grammatical
ɡ e k i	grammatical
v y z e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ɯ s e	grammatical
b e ʎ i	grammatical
l ɯ l a	grammatical
v ø h y	grammatical
s e p a	grammatical
s u h a	grammatical
z e dʒ e	grammatical
v e n a	grammatical
tʃ u ɟ u	grammatical
r ø ʒ e	grammatical
n u n u	grammatical
s u ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ ø r a	grammatical
j y dʒ y	grammatical
l y n y	grammatical
tʃ a v ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ u r u	grammatical
f u k u	grammatical
ʎ u h a	grammatical
n ɯ z e	grammatical
n ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ o ɡ a	grammatical
l a n a	grammatical
ʒ y v a	grammatical
p i ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ a n ɯ	grammatical
v ɯ j a	grammatical
ʎ ø z e	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ a	grammatical
f y z y	grammatical
t a s ɯ	grammatical
f i d a	grammatical
ʃ a p e	grammatical
ɟ a t e	grammatical
m i j i	grammatical
l ø ʎ y	grammatical
tʃ u p u	grammatical
ʎ a k e	grammatical
f e dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ y p a	grammatical
t ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
f o ʒ u	grammatical
j e tʃ i	grammatical
d a ʃ e	grammatical
z i k a	grammatical
s o m u	grammatical
ʃ o ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ i z i	grammatical
t a ɡ e	grammatical
v a ɟ e	grammatical
f y ʒ y	grammatical
t o ɡ u	grammatical
d e p i	grammatical
tʃ i m i	grammatical
d o p e	grammatical
ʎ i ʎ e	grammatical
v u z a	grammatical
j o ʒ e	grammatical
b ø r e	grammatical
b o d u	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ a	grammatical
d u ʒ u	grammatical
z y r y	grammatical
j o j e	grammatical
n u l a	grammatical
m a r e	grammatical
k ɯ z a	grammatical
ʃ i k e	grammatical
j o dʒ e	grammatical
p a ʃ e	grammatical
p i p e	grammatical
tʃ o n a	grammatical
n a d ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ e	grammatical
p i ɡ i	grammatical
ɡ e n e	grammatical
m e tʃ e	grammatical
k i l i	grammatical
b o ɟ u	grammatical
s i t a	grammatical
j u v u	grammatical
p o ɡ e	grammatical
h ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
m ø h y	grammatical
tʃ e l e	grammatical
z y t y	grammatical
m ø m e	grammatical
ʃ y ɡ y	grammatical
z u f e	grammatical
k y b a	grammatical
s a j e	grammatical
t i l a	grammatical
b o ʒ a	grammatical
v ø ʒ y	grammatical
d e l e	grammatical
v o p a	grammatical
m y ɡ a	grammatical
r ø t y	grammatical
z o ʎ a	grammatical
h o ɡ a	grammatical
j a m a	grammatical
t y j a	grammatical
b y p y	grammatical
h a l a	grammatical
m u k e	grammatical
m u ʒ a	grammatical
h o f a	grammatical
v e dʒ i	grammatical
ɡ i j e	grammatical
v ø b e	grammatical
ʎ i ʎ i	grammatical
p e r e	grammatical
ɟ o ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ u n u	grammatical
m e r i	grammatical
tʃ ø r e	grammatical
r o s e	grammatical
r ɯ p a	grammatical
m o ɟ a	grammatical
v u ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ø ɟ a	grammatical
j e z a	grammatical
l e t i	grammatical
m o d e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ e ɟ e	grammatical
m y p a	grammatical
tʃ ø n e	grammatical
p a h a	grammatical
r ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a f e	grammatical
d y b y	grammatical
n a h ɯ	grammatical
s ø r y	grammatical
t ɯ p a	grammatical
l ɯ h e	grammatical
n ɯ m a	grammatical
r a tʃ e	grammatical
j y r y	grammatical
d a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
t o p a	grammatical
r ø m a	grammatical
k ø n a	grammatical
h a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i z a	grammatical
l y d y	grammatical
b i z i	grammatical
m a b e	grammatical
b y f e	grammatical
v o ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ a f ɯ	grammatical
m y p e	grammatical
f u f e	grammatical
h ø ʎ y	grammatical
ɡ ø ɡ y	grammatical
tʃ a t e	grammatical
h ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ e l i	grammatical
z ɯ m a	grammatical
j a ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a v ɯ	grammatical
b o v u	grammatical
ɡ y r y	grammatical
v e j e	grammatical
t ø p e	grammatical
r i f a	grammatical
n u z e	grammatical
t u n a	grammatical
r u v u	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ e	grammatical
j o ʒ u	grammatical
d u j a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y j a	grammatical
dʒ ø h y	grammatical
p y n y	grammatical
z o m a	grammatical
f ø n y	grammatical
r o j u	grammatical
h o dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ i v e	grammatical
z ø b y	grammatical
h y p a	grammatical
r ø dʒ a	grammatical
l i tʃ a	grammatical
z u d a	grammatical
l a z e	grammatical
m i s e	grammatical
m e k a	grammatical
ɟ u tʃ e	grammatical
m o k e	grammatical
r a ʒ a	grammatical
t ø h y	grammatical
b a t a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j e	grammatical
k y ʃ y	grammatical
h e d e	grammatical
f o j a	grammatical
b o r e	grammatical
d i ʎ a	grammatical
t y f e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ l e	grammatical
dʒ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
n a ɡ a	grammatical
h y tʃ a	grammatical
v ɯ t a	grammatical
ʎ y s y	grammatical
p i v a	grammatical
d u b e	grammatical
l e s e	grammatical
l a f ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e p i	grammatical
ɡ a ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ a dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ y r a	grammatical
r i dʒ a	grammatical
b i n a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
v e v a	grammatical
b y t e	grammatical
z ɯ j e	grammatical
s ø s e	grammatical
ɟ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ o dʒ a	grammatical
l ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y t e	grammatical
m i k i	grammatical
k y ɡ y	grammatical
f y ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ e l a	grammatical
d u z a	grammatical
b ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
t ø k y	grammatical
s o n a	grammatical
k o t u	grammatical
j o n a	grammatical
d y t y	grammatical
j ø b e	grammatical
p ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
f ø r a	grammatical
n ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
t y t y	grammatical
h i z e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʎ y	grammatical
dʒ ø k a	grammatical
tʃ u j u	grammatical
f y f a	grammatical
j a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i k i	grammatical
h o j a	grammatical
ʃ y dʒ y	grammatical
k a z a	grammatical
n i ʎ a	grammatical
z ɯ k a	grammatical
p u tʃ u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ r e	grammatical
n u b u	grammatical
f y ɡ y	grammatical
z ø j a	grammatical
p o ɟ a	grammatical
h i v a	grammatical
dʒ o ɟ e	grammatical
r i z e	grammatical
ʒ ø m e	grammatical
ɟ ø ʃ e	grammatical
p ø l y	grammatical
ʒ e ʎ a	grammatical
j ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
t i s i	grammatical
ɟ e t a	grammatical
ʃ o f e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
dʒ a l a	grammatical
b i f i	grammatical
j y k a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ ø p e	grammatical
ʎ i z e	grammatical
ʎ o d u	grammatical
ɟ o s u	grammatical
z ø n y	grammatical
b o k u	grammatical
n a ʒ e	grammatical
k e ɟ e	grammatical
z o ʃ u	grammatical
n e j a	grammatical
s u ʃ a	grammatical
k ø ɡ a	grammatical
l u v u	grammatical
ɟ u j u	grammatical
t o tʃ u	grammatical
j y p e	grammatical
l u j a	grammatical
ʎ ø l e	grammatical
h u l e	grammatical
ɟ i n e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ l e	grammatical
d ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
m i b a	grammatical
f y ʒ a	grammatical
d u ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ i ʒ e	grammatical
m u s a	grammatical
ʎ i p i	grammatical
ɟ ø r a	grammatical
ʎ ø j y	grammatical
tʃ ø b y	grammatical
r i t a	grammatical
j y m y	grammatical
s o ʒ a	grammatical
k y m y	grammatical
h a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ e ʒ e	grammatical
j ɯ m e	grammatical
r i ʎ e	grammatical
t e m e	grammatical
ʃ ø k y	grammatical
ʎ ø j e	grammatical
tʃ i b e	grammatical
p y ʎ a	grammatical
p o m e	grammatical
ʃ i ɟ i	grammatical
j ø v e	grammatical
b y s e	grammatical
p ø ʒ y	grammatical
ʃ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
n y b a	grammatical
tʃ o r e	grammatical
d u tʃ e	grammatical
b i s a	grammatical
ʒ ø dʒ y	grammatical
f u v a	grammatical
ʃ a ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ e	grammatical
p o dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ ø ɡ e	grammatical
s y r a	grammatical
v ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
m o n e	grammatical
l i n i	grammatical
l a n ɯ	grammatical
b ø n a	grammatical
d i b a	grammatical
k a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
n y k y	grammatical
r ø j e	grammatical
ɟ o j a	grammatical
ʎ u l a	grammatical
tʃ o n u	grammatical
ʃ u r u	grammatical
f ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o p u	grammatical
z y k a	grammatical
d u ɟ e	grammatical
l y z y	grammatical
ʒ i dʒ i	grammatical
p a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j e l a	grammatical
s i h i	grammatical
ʒ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
l i ʃ e	grammatical
n i d a	grammatical
ɟ i j a	grammatical
f e tʃ i	grammatical
ʒ u ʃ e	grammatical
k u dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y ʃ e	grammatical
l e n e	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ a	grammatical
z u l a	grammatical
dʒ i j a	grammatical
r u s u	grammatical
l y m e	grammatical
ʃ e j e	grammatical
ɡ ø p a	grammatical
dʒ y b a	grammatical
l o ʎ a	grammatical
f ɯ r e	grammatical
h o p a	grammatical
d a l e	grammatical
p o m a	grammatical
v y f e	grammatical
z o t u	grammatical
v ø z a	grammatical
ʃ a h e	grammatical
p o b a	grammatical
n o ʃ a	grammatical
h ø p a	grammatical
n a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
l i ʒ a	grammatical
z u f u	grammatical
d ø l e	grammatical
h u ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø t y	grammatical
p i tʃ i	grammatical
f e j a	grammatical
tʃ e d e	grammatical
z o b a	grammatical
ʃ e z i	grammatical
h a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
l e dʒ a	grammatical
f o n e	grammatical
n u h u	grammatical
ʃ u p a	grammatical
n u r e	grammatical
h ɯ j e	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
p y dʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ b e	grammatical
l ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
s ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
d i ɟ e	grammatical
v a l e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
s u t a	grammatical
m o l a	grammatical
k e ʃ i	grammatical
p i j i	grammatical
l o b u	grammatical
z u p a	grammatical
ʒ a tʃ a	grammatical
r i n a	grammatical
n a z e	grammatical
f u h u	grammatical
ɡ o ʎ u	grammatical
z a ʎ a	grammatical
s u dʒ a	grammatical
p e ʎ e	grammatical
l o tʃ e	grammatical
d i p e	grammatical
h e ɡ a	grammatical
d a d e	grammatical
ʎ e l i	grammatical
s a b a	grammatical
j y ʎ e	grammatical
t e dʒ a	grammatical
b y b e	grammatical
r i j a	grammatical
n u s e	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j e l i	grammatical
b a f a	grammatical
ʃ ø d y	grammatical
k u j e	grammatical
s i k a	grammatical
k ø d y	grammatical
z o v u	grammatical
dʒ i dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u v u	grammatical
ɟ o f e	grammatical
d u f e	grammatical
ʎ i f i	grammatical
s ø f a	grammatical
f o ʃ e	grammatical
b u d e	grammatical
l u p u	grammatical
r o v u	grammatical
d ø ʒ e	grammatical
r e r e	grammatical
b i dʒ e	grammatical
p ɯ h a	grammatical
s y h y	grammatical
r u ʒ u	grammatical
s a s ɯ	grammatical
v y h e	grammatical
s a v a	grammatical
tʃ ø ɟ y	grammatical
z i f a	grammatical
l o v u	grammatical
h ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
t u f e	grammatical
ʃ y v y	grammatical
j ø d a	grammatical
t y ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ o r e	grammatical
tʃ u n u	grammatical
ʃ y b a	grammatical
j y ʒ y	grammatical
ʒ a z a	grammatical
t y tʃ y	grammatical
ɟ o t a	grammatical
j ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
r e ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ ø tʃ y	grammatical
m e ɟ e	grammatical
m o d u	grammatical
t e t a	grammatical
n ɯ d a	grammatical
h a ɟ e	grammatical
v u ʒ u	grammatical
h i f a	grammatical
k i n a	grammatical
k i ʒ a	grammatical
v e l i	grammatical
b ø n e	grammatical
j o z u	grammatical
s i t e	grammatical
n i z i	grammatical
ʒ e z i	grammatical
ʃ i ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ y h e	grammatical
ʃ e ʒ a	grammatical
v e l a	grammatical
m a ʃ e	grammatical
m o dʒ u	grammatical
v y tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø j e	grammatical
f ø j a	grammatical
ʒ y t a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
k o ʎ u	grammatical
d ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
f ɯ l e	grammatical
z a dʒ a	grammatical
k y s e	grammatical
p i dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ b e	grammatical
t e p i	grammatical
f y s y	grammatical
n e m e	grammatical
ʒ ø s y	grammatical
d i m e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ p e	grammatical
f i s i	grammatical
t e b i	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ e	grammatical
v u l e	grammatical
z y k y	grammatical
n ø j e	grammatical
b u ɡ u	grammatical
z ø ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ u ɟ u	grammatical
ɡ a ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ u	grammatical
r e h a	grammatical
k y t a	grammatical
v o ʒ u	grammatical
tʃ y r y	grammatical
p y ɡ e	grammatical
f ø ɟ y	grammatical
m i d a	grammatical
m y l e	grammatical
s ø f y	grammatical
f e p e	grammatical
ʃ e b a	grammatical
ɟ y l e	grammatical
ɡ i h i	grammatical
t ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ o n e	grammatical
dʒ o h a	grammatical
ʎ u ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ e j i	grammatical
r i s i	grammatical
n a ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ i l a	grammatical
v a s a	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ i m a	grammatical
h u t u	grammatical
m e j e	grammatical
k u s u	grammatical
v i j e	grammatical
ɟ i f i	grammatical
p ø z y	grammatical
v ɯ p e	grammatical
s e ʃ i	grammatical
p a t a	grammatical
l o ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
k a ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ ø dʒ y	grammatical
dʒ ø v a	grammatical
s e v a	grammatical
j a f a	grammatical
m o ɟ u	grammatical
f e d e	grammatical
d e m e	grammatical
h ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u z u	grammatical
z i j a	grammatical
tʃ y ʒ a	grammatical
z o k e	grammatical
ʃ u ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ u z u	grammatical
ʃ a dʒ a	grammatical
d ø t a	grammatical
z a r ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
d o v e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ h a	grammatical
b o l u	grammatical
f u p u	grammatical
t a j e	grammatical
f ɯ k e	grammatical
t ɯ z e	grammatical
d i l a	grammatical
b ø f a	grammatical
z a n ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ o r u	grammatical
dʒ ø f y	grammatical
p y z e	grammatical
ɡ e f a	grammatical
d i ɟ a	grammatical
k ɯ l a	grammatical
p ø dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ y n e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
p u n a	grammatical
ɡ ø p e	grammatical
tʃ y dʒ a	grammatical
j o d e	grammatical
ɡ y v y	grammatical
l y ʃ y	grammatical
f a r e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ f e	grammatical
m ø ʃ y	grammatical
ɡ ø dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ u t a	grammatical
ʃ a d e	grammatical
d o n u	grammatical
ɡ y p y	grammatical
z ø d a	grammatical
r i b a	grammatical
h e dʒ e	grammatical
b y ʃ e	grammatical
p o k a	grammatical
s ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
j a dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ o s e	grammatical
z ø ʒ y	grammatical
ɟ e r e	grammatical
ʎ a r a	grammatical
b y dʒ a	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
d e v e	grammatical
dʒ u d u	grammatical
s u ʒ e	grammatical
p a d e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ r e	grammatical
p ø z a	grammatical
d i m a	grammatical
n o z e	grammatical
h u s a	grammatical
k e r i	grammatical
ʒ y d a	grammatical
n ø z y	grammatical
tʃ e n i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
l a ʒ a	grammatical
p ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
h i r a	grammatical
l e z a	grammatical
ʃ a k ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e ɟ e	grammatical
v a h e	grammatical
j ø ɟ y	grammatical
ʒ o m u	grammatical
t e s a	grammatical
tʃ a dʒ e	grammatical
p e f a	grammatical
b ø dʒ e	grammatical
j ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
r o tʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e p e	grammatical
ʒ a n a	grammatical
ʃ e s e	grammatical
ʃ e f e	grammatical
dʒ ø p e	grammatical
d i ʒ e	grammatical
t u v e	grammatical
dʒ u s e	grammatical
k o n e	grammatical
p ø tʃ a	grammatical
j i ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ e h e	grammatical
ɟ e ɡ a	grammatical
f ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
b e s a	grammatical
ʃ i m i	grammatical
p ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
j e v a	grammatical
h ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a k a	grammatical
ʒ y l y	grammatical
tʃ ø tʃ y	grammatical
n e s i	grammatical
b a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
h y f y	grammatical
p o tʃ u	grammatical
ɡ u m e	grammatical
ʃ i n i	grammatical
n y v y	grammatical
n e s e	grammatical
b i m i	grammatical
d e t a	grammatical
l ø d e	grammatical
t o ɟ u	grammatical
v ø p e	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ a	grammatical
f ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
f i z i	grammatical
ʎ u j a	grammatical
r o s u	grammatical
tʃ i ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ e m i	grammatical
z o ɡ a	grammatical
s a dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ y	grammatical
p ø dʒ e	grammatical
d o t u	grammatical
v ø b a	grammatical
z ø ʃ e	grammatical
j o b e	grammatical
l y d e	grammatical
z o t a	grammatical
f u tʃ e	grammatical
ʃ o d e	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ e	grammatical
j ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
t ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
l ɯ z e	grammatical
b y ʎ y	grammatical
ɡ o ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ o f a	grammatical
m e l e	grammatical
k u k a	grammatical
z i z a	grammatical
ʎ i l e	grammatical
tʃ o b u	grammatical
h u tʃ a	grammatical
d y ʃ e	grammatical
n o ʒ u	grammatical
n y ɡ e	grammatical
h ø m y	grammatical
d ø f y	grammatical
s e d a	grammatical
k ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
ɟ e n e	grammatical
v ɯ r a	grammatical
tʃ ø tʃ e	grammatical
j u m u	grammatical
tʃ o dʒ e	grammatical
r ø j a	grammatical
ʒ o k a	grammatical
ɡ o ʒ a	grammatical
k ɯ s e	grammatical
ʃ y ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ s a	grammatical
v u v u	grammatical
l y j e	grammatical
ɡ y ʎ e	grammatical
f y ʃ a	grammatical
j o h e	grammatical
f y ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ a dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ ø l a	grammatical
z o j a	grammatical
ɡ ø ʃ y	grammatical
v ø k a	grammatical
dʒ ø d a	grammatical
ʒ o h e	grammatical
ɟ e ɡ i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ m e	grammatical
l y ʒ y	grammatical
l ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
r y j e	grammatical
t o l u	grammatical
z ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
r u d u	grammatical
tʃ ø dʒ a	grammatical
t ɯ m e	grammatical
d o k u	grammatical
s a t a	grammatical
ʒ u z e	grammatical
ʒ a ʎ a	grammatical
v y f a	grammatical
b a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ a s e	grammatical
ɡ a t a	grammatical
h y r e	grammatical
f u r e	grammatical
s e ʒ i	grammatical
s u j a	grammatical
ʎ y k y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ k a	grammatical
k y k e	grammatical
n e z i	grammatical
ʃ u ɟ u	grammatical
t o m a	grammatical
f ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
n o dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ ø ʃ e	grammatical
d y r y	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ø ɟ y	grammatical
z ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
k e t e	grammatical
v i b e	grammatical
z o tʃ a	grammatical
d y j e	grammatical
l i j i	grammatical
r ø b a	grammatical
m i ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u r a	grammatical
z y z e	grammatical
h y z y	grammatical
b ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
l i ʎ a	grammatical
d y j y	grammatical
ʎ ø h a	grammatical
s y s a	grammatical
ɡ ø z a	grammatical
h u ʒ a	grammatical
s y ɟ a	grammatical
l e n i	grammatical
ʒ a ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ a b e	grammatical
ʎ a m ɯ	grammatical
n i h i	grammatical
l u f u	grammatical
j o tʃ u	grammatical
tʃ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a z a	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ e	grammatical
r ø n a	grammatical
ʎ e h e	grammatical
ɡ ø t a	grammatical
t a b e	grammatical
v o l a	grammatical
ʃ u s a	grammatical
l e ʎ i	grammatical
k u f u	grammatical
ɡ o j a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
r a r ɯ	grammatical
v y p a	grammatical
r a j ɯ	grammatical
n i ʃ a	grammatical
h ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
m o tʃ e	grammatical
z i t a	grammatical
p u t a	grammatical
f ɯ b a	grammatical
f y k e	grammatical
t i t i	grammatical
n ɯ j a	grammatical
ɡ y k y	grammatical
f ø ʃ a	grammatical
n i s e	grammatical
ɟ o d u	grammatical
l u d u	grammatical
ɟ o r e	grammatical
dʒ e z i	grammatical
dʒ o r a	grammatical
dʒ ø m y	grammatical
ɟ a t ɯ	grammatical
r i v a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
d y h a	grammatical
f ø ʎ y	grammatical
v a j e	grammatical
l i tʃ e	grammatical
z i r i	grammatical
ɡ i k e	grammatical
j o b a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
b e z a	grammatical
f a z a	grammatical
b a m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s a	grammatical
l y v y	grammatical
ɡ y dʒ a	grammatical
r u n e	grammatical
n i m i	grammatical
h ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u tʃ u	grammatical
l ø s y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
v a b a	grammatical
d y tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ o dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ u m u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
k ø ʎ e	grammatical
f u v e	grammatical
j u d e	grammatical
n ø h a	grammatical
s y v e	grammatical
ɟ i s i	grammatical
ɟ u f u	grammatical
tʃ a z ɯ	grammatical
d u p u	grammatical
ɡ y l e	grammatical
d i r e	grammatical
d ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
r i b e	grammatical
b o m u	grammatical
r u n u	grammatical
b e t e	grammatical
f y dʒ a	grammatical
k a ʃ e	grammatical
h e ʒ a	grammatical
p e h i	grammatical
ɟ y r e	grammatical
z ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
s o n e	grammatical
ɡ o z a	grammatical
h ø t y	grammatical
d y f e	grammatical
z e n e	grammatical
d o d a	grammatical
h a ʎ a	grammatical
m a ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ a p a	grammatical
r ɯ l e	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
n ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
f y j e	grammatical
dʒ y d y	grammatical
ʃ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
l ø ɟ e	grammatical
m u j a	grammatical
l o ɡ u	grammatical
m y t e	grammatical
ʃ i t a	grammatical
b ø tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ø d e	grammatical
d o ɡ a	grammatical
s ɯ j a	grammatical
s ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
t ɯ f a	grammatical
n a ʃ e	grammatical
v y n y	grammatical
ʎ o z u	grammatical
k ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
m e z i	grammatical
ɟ u p a	grammatical
ɡ ø z y	grammatical
r y l a	grammatical
d i t a	grammatical
d a d ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a n ɯ	grammatical
dʒ y ʒ y	grammatical
ɡ y d a	grammatical
p u k a	grammatical
h ø k y	grammatical
l i v i	grammatical
z u ɡ u	grammatical
b e ʎ a	grammatical
l ɯ r e	grammatical
p u s a	grammatical
dʒ i tʃ i	grammatical
dʒ i r a	grammatical
v y b a	grammatical
r ø v a	grammatical
p ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
z a p ɯ	grammatical
ɡ a d ɯ	grammatical
t a l e	grammatical
t ø tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ e j e	grammatical
k e ʎ i	grammatical
h a d ɯ	grammatical
f e l a	grammatical
k ɯ v e	grammatical
h u j e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ h e	grammatical
ɟ o ɟ a	grammatical
h a n e	grammatical
b ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ y s e	grammatical
s ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ a k a	grammatical
dʒ o l u	grammatical
t u b u	grammatical
r i f i	grammatical
b ɯ b a	grammatical
d a ʎ e	grammatical
r e ʎ i	grammatical
l ø n a	grammatical
k ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ i r i	grammatical
r i v e	grammatical
t ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
n a r ɯ	grammatical
b u dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u h u	grammatical
j e h i	grammatical
ʃ e t e	grammatical
s e b a	grammatical
l ø l y	grammatical
d y r e	grammatical
ɡ a f a	grammatical
tʃ a f ɯ	grammatical
j u ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ y ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ o t u	grammatical
l ø tʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ d a	grammatical
k y d e	grammatical
s y ɡ a	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
n i tʃ e	grammatical
h ø r y	grammatical
tʃ e tʃ e	grammatical
s e ʎ i	grammatical
k ø f a	grammatical
n i m a	grammatical
ʎ u k a	grammatical
ɟ i ɟ i	grammatical
ɡ ø d y	grammatical
t ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
z o p e	grammatical
j o s a	grammatical
t i z e	grammatical
dʒ a b a	grammatical
ʃ e d i	grammatical
ʎ u h u	grammatical
m u dʒ e	grammatical
t a j ɯ	grammatical
l o ɟ u	grammatical
d u tʃ u	grammatical
j e m i	grammatical
z a d e	grammatical
ʎ y k a	grammatical
s e t e	grammatical
v u r a	grammatical
h a z a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u t u	grammatical
ʎ e tʃ i	grammatical
j a j a	grammatical
h ø f a	grammatical
f o f e	grammatical
n e z a	grammatical
d u h u	grammatical
k e l a	grammatical
d y z a	grammatical
n i ʒ i	grammatical
ɟ ø m e	grammatical
n i m e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
h i ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ k a	grammatical
s i k e	grammatical
tʃ a ʒ a	grammatical
h ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ y ɟ a	grammatical
s i ʎ i	grammatical
ɡ i dʒ i	grammatical
l a ɡ a	grammatical
d ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
r e f i	grammatical
k a f ɯ	grammatical
j i ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ y h y	grammatical
ɡ i ɟ e	grammatical
m u f u	grammatical
f o m e	grammatical
j y tʃ y	grammatical
z i ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ u r u	grammatical
ɟ u ʒ e	grammatical
m a m e	grammatical
p ø t e	grammatical
v y v e	grammatical
s a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o m u	grammatical
t o ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ p a	grammatical
k y n y	grammatical
h u p u	grammatical
dʒ y k a	grammatical
j i z a	grammatical
n o ʒ a	grammatical
p ɯ f a	grammatical
z y tʃ a	grammatical
j a v e	grammatical
r o v e	grammatical
ɡ y b e	grammatical
t ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y m y	grammatical
r e z a	grammatical
ɟ a l e	grammatical
ʎ a r e	grammatical
ʎ i v a	grammatical
d o b u	grammatical
tʃ y ʎ y	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
k i ʒ i	grammatical
f i j e	grammatical
h u l u	grammatical
s e f i	grammatical
ɡ a v a	grammatical
j ø ʒ y	grammatical
t i tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ i p i	grammatical
ʎ a v ɯ	grammatical
j i ʃ i	grammatical
n a h e	grammatical
n ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a k e	grammatical
s a j a	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ a	grammatical
z ø ʃ a	grammatical
s e z e	grammatical
p a l ɯ	grammatical
v ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
b ø ʃ e	grammatical
l ø b a	grammatical
ʃ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
k a n a	grammatical
ʒ i v a	grammatical
t i m i	grammatical
d a ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y tʃ e	grammatical
d y v a	grammatical
m a s e	grammatical
ʎ e k i	grammatical
ʎ ø m y	grammatical
s ɯ h a	grammatical
h u v e	grammatical
tʃ o d e	grammatical
d i ʃ i	grammatical
t i h e	grammatical
ʒ i z a	grammatical
z u ɟ u	grammatical
ʎ ø r y	grammatical
n u p a	grammatical
ɟ o tʃ u	grammatical
ʒ u ʎ u	grammatical
s ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
h u n e	grammatical
b ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
m y ʎ a	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ y f e	grammatical
v ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
f a p e	grammatical
tʃ e tʃ i	grammatical
v y ɟ a	grammatical
t a d ɯ	grammatical
m o v a	grammatical
ʒ i m a	grammatical
ɡ ø b y	grammatical
p ø ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ e r i	grammatical
r ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
b ø ʎ e	grammatical
k u j a	grammatical
ɡ e s a	grammatical
h o v a	grammatical
ʎ o ʎ e	grammatical
s ɯ s a	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ e	grammatical
d i p a	grammatical
j ɯ h a	grammatical
m e dʒ i	grammatical
ɟ u f a	grammatical
h i ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ y s y	grammatical
z a ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ u ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ y dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u tʃ a	grammatical
n u s a	grammatical
k ø dʒ y	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ y	grammatical
ɡ o v a	grammatical
ʃ y z e	grammatical
t ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
s y dʒ e	grammatical
m a v a	grammatical
ɟ u r u	grammatical
p ø z e	grammatical
j a m e	grammatical
b y v y	grammatical
v i j a	grammatical
p ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʎ u ʃ u	grammatical
ʎ y l a	grammatical
ʎ ø h e	grammatical
r ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
l y ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ u tʃ u	grammatical
n u t u	grammatical
t a v ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ r a	grammatical
h i dʒ a	grammatical
v ø f e	grammatical
l y ʒ e	grammatical
h y ɟ a	grammatical
f u r u	grammatical
s e z i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ a b a	grammatical
z a h e	grammatical
p ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
h ø n a	grammatical
d a t ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ s a	grammatical
k i ʒ e	grammatical
m ɯ d a	grammatical
t ɯ d a	grammatical
ɟ e f e	grammatical
s y b y	grammatical
b y ɟ e	grammatical
v y l e	grammatical
v y ʎ y	grammatical
l ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ o tʃ a	grammatical
t ø p y	grammatical
l ø s e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
r a m ɯ	grammatical
k u ʃ u	grammatical
h e dʒ i	grammatical
ʃ ø z e	grammatical
r y dʒ e	grammatical
k o ʒ u	grammatical
b u l a	grammatical
z a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
j ø p e	grammatical
j o h u	grammatical
ɡ a ʃ e	grammatical
s i dʒ i	grammatical
k i m i	grammatical
v u d e	grammatical
d ø b a	grammatical
l ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
b u b a	grammatical
ɡ ø f e	grammatical
ɟ a s e	grammatical
tʃ e n e	grammatical
s o j u	grammatical
ɡ y m y	grammatical
n i f i	grammatical
n y h y	grammatical
v y ɟ e	grammatical
n i j a	grammatical
ʒ e k i	grammatical
j o h a	grammatical
t a ɡ a	grammatical
r o ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ a	grammatical
j a v a	grammatical
dʒ u ɟ a	grammatical
r u ɡ e	grammatical
r i dʒ i	grammatical
j i k a	grammatical
ʎ e v i	grammatical
tʃ u s e	grammatical
dʒ a v e	grammatical
l u b e	grammatical
d o ʎ u	grammatical
k o h u	grammatical
t o ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ y z e	grammatical
b ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
n i k e	grammatical
ʒ a n ɯ	grammatical
l i n a	grammatical
f ø f e	grammatical
h u ʎ a	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
m ø dʒ a	grammatical
b i dʒ a	grammatical
p u s e	grammatical
t ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
k o b a	grammatical
n ɯ b a	grammatical
k o ʒ a	grammatical
k ø h e	grammatical
f a ʃ a	grammatical
b ɯ m a	grammatical
z ø r y	grammatical
b y ɟ y	grammatical
r y h e	grammatical
ɡ a h a	grammatical
f y b e	grammatical
z ø h e	grammatical
b ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
v ø p a	grammatical
ʎ a ʎ a	grammatical
m i b i	grammatical
b o dʒ u	grammatical
k o l e	grammatical
ɡ e tʃ i	grammatical
ɡ y n e	grammatical
l ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i h e	grammatical
t i ɟ i	grammatical
b a b a	grammatical
d e v i	grammatical
p o p u	grammatical
ɟ a f a	grammatical
p ɯ f e	grammatical
ʒ e r i	grammatical
t i k e	grammatical
h e m i	grammatical
b i ʎ i	grammatical
ɡ y ʒ a	grammatical
n a d a	grammatical
f e k e	grammatical
f i v a	grammatical
l u j u	grammatical
m i ɟ a	grammatical
t i ʎ a	grammatical
r a p e	grammatical
tʃ i b i	grammatical
j y b e	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
j e ɡ e	grammatical
d i dʒ i	grammatical
t o h a	grammatical
ɡ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
m ø n a	grammatical
l ɯ r a	grammatical
ʒ a z ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ø z e	grammatical
ɡ y dʒ y	grammatical
m o ʃ u	grammatical
l u l u	grammatical
r ø k a	grammatical
p ø d e	grammatical
tʃ ø n y	grammatical
ɡ y ʒ y	grammatical
j u j e	grammatical
k u f e	grammatical
dʒ y s e	grammatical
h y s e	grammatical
z ø s e	grammatical
ɟ a h ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o l a	grammatical
j o k a	grammatical
tʃ o f a	grammatical
b o ʃ e	grammatical
n ø j y	grammatical
r o z u	grammatical
ʎ i tʃ a	grammatical
m a p ɯ	grammatical
j u tʃ u	grammatical
h ɯ t a	grammatical
l e v e	grammatical
s ø d e	grammatical
j i f i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
d o t e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ y v y	grammatical
ɟ ø z y	grammatical
d o r u	grammatical
m y r e	grammatical
f u j a	grammatical
s i d e	grammatical
h a f ɯ	grammatical
p ø d y	grammatical
r a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e d i	grammatical
n i ɟ e	grammatical
f i p a	grammatical
ʒ e l i	grammatical
ʎ o ʎ a	grammatical
l y p e	grammatical
ɡ ø r y	grammatical
v y k y	grammatical
m ɯ v e	grammatical
m ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
z e b e	grammatical
s u j u	grammatical
b a ɟ a	grammatical
r u p e	grammatical
k ø k a	grammatical
ʃ e f a	grammatical
r ø p y	grammatical
tʃ y ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ u tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ a v a	grammatical
n i r e	grammatical
r a p a	grammatical
m y b y	grammatical
l a n e	grammatical
m i n e	grammatical
tʃ e p i	grammatical
l e m e	grammatical
s u dʒ e	grammatical
k y l a	grammatical
ʎ e z a	grammatical
ʎ o ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ o ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ k a	grammatical
ʎ a k a	grammatical
m e ɟ i	grammatical
n a s e	grammatical
ɡ ø h e	grammatical
ʎ o k e	grammatical
z o ɟ u	grammatical
h a z e	grammatical
f e ʒ a	grammatical
h i tʃ i	grammatical
d o b e	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ y ʒ a	grammatical
j y z y	grammatical
f e p a	grammatical
ɟ e z a	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ y	grammatical
p u l u	grammatical
n i ʃ e	grammatical
p o b e	grammatical
h i l e	grammatical
dʒ y ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ i ʎ i	grammatical
ʒ y p e	grammatical
n i v i	grammatical
ɟ y b e	grammatical
m ø v a	grammatical
m ɯ j e	grammatical
p y ɟ e	grammatical
b a j e	grammatical
j e ʎ i	grammatical
f e ʎ a	grammatical
t i k a	grammatical
ʃ u m e	grammatical
m e ɡ i	grammatical
ʃ u z a	grammatical
f a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
z y z a	grammatical
n u ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u b e	grammatical
dʒ o t e	grammatical
h e r a	grammatical
b i j i	grammatical
p e tʃ i	grammatical
b u j u	grammatical
d e f a	grammatical
ɟ ø b e	grammatical
l y tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ e dʒ i	grammatical
s e p i	grammatical
r ø ʃ a	grammatical
l o tʃ a	grammatical
l o d a	grammatical
dʒ e ʎ i	grammatical
ɟ u ʒ a	grammatical
h a p ɯ	grammatical
z i h e	grammatical
z ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i tʃ i	grammatical
ʒ o ɟ a	grammatical
p ø m y	grammatical
ʎ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a ɟ e	grammatical
t e r i	grammatical
b o l e	grammatical
ʒ y ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ y l e	grammatical
ɡ a l e	grammatical
tʃ o m u	grammatical
f u t a	grammatical
l a v a	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ a	grammatical
m ø ʎ y	grammatical
j a l a	grammatical
t y z y	grammatical
f y dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ u l a	grammatical
p y r e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
v i s i	grammatical