l ø n e	grammatical
k a f a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ d e	grammatical
v u tʃ e	grammatical
z ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ e dʒ i	grammatical
t i z a	grammatical
p ɯ j a	grammatical
j ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø tʃ y	grammatical
f u v e	grammatical
ɟ ø v a	grammatical
k y f e	grammatical
tʃ e dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ f a	grammatical
ʒ o d a	grammatical
p o ɡ u	grammatical
f y ʎ y	grammatical
r a k e	grammatical
dʒ e t e	grammatical
n ø z e	grammatical
h i dʒ e	grammatical
t o ɡ u	grammatical
t y m e	grammatical
n u n a	grammatical
f i tʃ a	grammatical
f y dʒ a	grammatical
f a ʎ e	grammatical
s u ʃ a	grammatical
b i l e	grammatical
f i p e	grammatical
j e ɟ i	grammatical
r u l u	grammatical
z i s a	grammatical
s u m e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ n a	grammatical
n o n u	grammatical
b a m ɯ	grammatical
v i f i	grammatical
p ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
d ɯ d e	grammatical
d i l a	grammatical
ɡ ø m a	grammatical
f ɯ b e	grammatical
r a m e	grammatical
j o h a	grammatical
k e ɡ a	grammatical
k ø ʒ e	grammatical
f i t a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
l o ɡ e	grammatical
k e h a	grammatical
ʒ a f e	grammatical
m e z e	grammatical
f u t e	grammatical
d o b a	grammatical
m o v u	grammatical
t o t e	grammatical
ʃ ø m e	grammatical
z o l a	grammatical
k o dʒ u	grammatical
ʃ e b a	grammatical
m y z e	grammatical
ʒ e s e	grammatical
j a ɡ a	grammatical
z ɯ p a	grammatical
ʃ y ʎ y	grammatical
n e p e	grammatical
p ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ i ʃ i	grammatical
d ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
dʒ y ʒ y	grammatical
tʃ ø ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ d e	grammatical
ʎ a dʒ a	grammatical
k ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y l e	grammatical
n u ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ y ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ u s e	grammatical
m u z u	grammatical
r u l e	grammatical
ʒ y h y	grammatical
ʒ u ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ e v i	grammatical
r a j ɯ	grammatical
ʃ e ʃ a	grammatical
j ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
t y b a	grammatical
v e t e	grammatical
r y k a	grammatical
ʒ u ɟ u	grammatical
d a tʃ e	grammatical
m ɯ f e	grammatical
ɡ o ʒ u	grammatical
ɡ i v i	grammatical
h o b a	grammatical
k a v ɯ	grammatical
b y ɡ a	grammatical
l e l a	grammatical
m e n a	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ e	grammatical
f o r u	grammatical
dʒ u b a	grammatical
r e b i	grammatical
z u dʒ u	grammatical
j e z a	grammatical
l e m i	grammatical
p e b i	grammatical
l y h a	grammatical
t ø ɡ e	grammatical
d i ʎ i	grammatical
l i ɟ i	grammatical
t ɯ d e	grammatical
k ɯ k e	grammatical
v e tʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
d i ʒ i	grammatical
d a ʒ e	grammatical
b a m a	grammatical
ʒ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ m e	grammatical
v o p u	grammatical
p a p ɯ	grammatical
b o t a	grammatical
ʎ e ɡ a	grammatical
n i b e	grammatical
j i k i	grammatical
r o ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ i f i	grammatical
b ø h a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o ʒ a	grammatical
f y t e	grammatical
p o ʎ u	grammatical
f a f ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o r a	grammatical
m y j y	grammatical
f a dʒ e	grammatical
d a ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ ø l y	grammatical
ɡ e v e	grammatical
l u m u	grammatical
p a ʃ e	grammatical
b ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
v ø f a	grammatical
n y ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ ø ɟ y	grammatical
dʒ i ʃ a	grammatical
k o s e	grammatical
v y ʃ e	grammatical
z ø m e	grammatical
ɟ y j a	grammatical
l o n a	grammatical
dʒ i l e	grammatical
ɡ u l e	grammatical
ʒ i l a	grammatical
s o h u	grammatical
tʃ ø v y	grammatical
ʃ i d a	grammatical
z y z y	grammatical
h u tʃ e	grammatical
ʃ ø p e	grammatical
z o v a	grammatical
ʎ ø h e	grammatical
b ø ʒ y	grammatical
m u j a	grammatical
tʃ a ʒ a	grammatical
h u k u	grammatical
s y l a	grammatical
l e ɟ e	grammatical
d ɯ f a	grammatical
h ø s e	grammatical
l ɯ r e	grammatical
s ɯ p a	grammatical
z u t e	grammatical
z y z a	grammatical
d ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
m i s a	grammatical
tʃ ø k y	grammatical
k u ɡ a	grammatical
p e ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ ø s a	grammatical
p o d a	grammatical
dʒ i dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a b a	grammatical
ɟ y ʎ e	grammatical
j ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ i ʃ i	grammatical
b a d ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o ʒ u	grammatical
f o b e	grammatical
h i t a	grammatical
m a h ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y f a	grammatical
h a ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ e ɡ a	grammatical
p u h e	grammatical
b ø ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ y f y	grammatical
s u s a	grammatical
s a l e	grammatical
d ø m a	grammatical
ɡ e m a	grammatical
m e ʒ i	grammatical
v a m e	grammatical
v ø h a	grammatical
ʃ u ʃ a	grammatical
l u d u	grammatical
h o m e	grammatical
s ø f y	grammatical
d o t e	grammatical
ɟ o ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ o s u	grammatical
b ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
v i p e	grammatical
t y ʒ e	grammatical
p a s e	grammatical
s a v a	grammatical
p i ʃ i	grammatical
ʎ i k i	grammatical
t ɯ r a	grammatical
h e r a	grammatical
t u z u	grammatical
j u z e	grammatical
ʃ ø s e	grammatical
l e ʒ e	grammatical
f ø tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u l u	grammatical
s a r e	grammatical
n u z e	grammatical
ɟ u v a	grammatical
f y r y	grammatical
ʒ e k a	grammatical
tʃ u b a	grammatical
f y k a	grammatical
ʒ e n a	grammatical
ɟ e j i	grammatical
z ø ɡ e	grammatical
f e ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ ø tʃ y	grammatical
p ɯ p e	grammatical
n i ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø s y	grammatical
tʃ y f y	grammatical
f ø n a	grammatical
t o dʒ u	grammatical
t ɯ j a	grammatical
d e d e	grammatical
ʒ ø h y	grammatical
ʒ a d e	grammatical
ʎ i t e	grammatical
tʃ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
b a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ø r e	grammatical
d a r a	grammatical
ʎ o p u	grammatical
r o b a	grammatical
ɟ o z e	grammatical
b u l u	grammatical
ɟ a ʒ a	grammatical
k i ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ e v a	grammatical
ʎ y dʒ y	grammatical
b o s a	grammatical
r y m e	grammatical
t e v a	grammatical
ʒ y m a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
b y r e	grammatical
s o ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ e ʎ i	grammatical
r i ʒ a	grammatical
f a v a	grammatical
b o b u	grammatical
s ɯ b a	grammatical
ɡ y ɟ e	grammatical
r a d ɯ	grammatical
z ø b a	grammatical
r ø ʒ a	grammatical
s i ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ o f u	grammatical
k e ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ ø h a	grammatical
ɡ u b e	grammatical
f e l a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ v a	grammatical
d o dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ i dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ z a	grammatical
d e j a	grammatical
ʃ a j e	grammatical
t u d e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø tʃ a	grammatical
s a h ɯ	grammatical
v o j u	grammatical
tʃ o ɡ e	grammatical
t u k a	grammatical
ʎ u z u	grammatical
b e k i	grammatical
n i ʒ i	grammatical
tʃ ø j a	grammatical
ɟ ø tʃ e	grammatical
m ø p y	grammatical
l e v a	grammatical
ʃ u ɡ e	grammatical
z ɯ h a	grammatical
j u b u	grammatical
ʃ y ʒ e	grammatical
d a j ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
h u s a	grammatical
k ø n e	grammatical
f ɯ d e	grammatical
n ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
l e ʎ a	grammatical
z i l i	grammatical
t u h u	grammatical
f e p i	grammatical
ʎ y t y	grammatical
p e f e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ r e	grammatical
ɟ e t i	grammatical
ʎ i t i	grammatical
h u ɟ e	grammatical
r ø v a	grammatical
f a ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ y p y	grammatical
h ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ y b e	grammatical
f i b i	grammatical
z ɯ l e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ l a	grammatical
ɡ y h a	grammatical
l a ɡ e	grammatical
r e v i	grammatical
p a v ɯ	grammatical
b ø f e	grammatical
t ɯ t e	grammatical
j ø t a	grammatical
p i ɟ a	grammatical
n ɯ h e	grammatical
p i ʃ e	grammatical
d a k e	grammatical
ʎ u t e	grammatical
k o ɡ e	grammatical
m a h a	grammatical
ʒ ø v e	grammatical
z y b e	grammatical
t i ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ o r e	grammatical
m ɯ t e	grammatical
z ø h a	grammatical
v o l u	grammatical
t i j i	grammatical
n ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
b a d a	grammatical
k o t a	grammatical
m o k e	grammatical
s y j y	grammatical
ʃ u f e	grammatical
n i m a	grammatical
dʒ e d i	grammatical
ɡ e k i	grammatical
n ø ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ a l a	grammatical
r e b a	grammatical
d ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ y l a	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
m y tʃ a	grammatical
b u f u	grammatical
v ɯ r e	grammatical
s y f a	grammatical
ʒ ø m a	grammatical
n o t u	grammatical
ɡ y z e	grammatical
ʃ u ʒ u	grammatical
j o n e	grammatical
z u b u	grammatical
l ɯ h a	grammatical
s a d a	grammatical
r y s y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e ʎ a	grammatical
b y l a	grammatical
ʃ a f a	grammatical
v e s e	grammatical
d o ɡ e	grammatical
r u s u	grammatical
m o ɟ e	grammatical
k ø ʎ y	grammatical
t ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
f o ɡ e	grammatical
z ø n e	grammatical
n i k a	grammatical
l e z a	grammatical
h a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i l a	grammatical
m y d a	grammatical
k ø t e	grammatical
ɡ o h a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ l a	grammatical
f i j i	grammatical
h i dʒ i	grammatical
n a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
p i d i	grammatical
t o n u	grammatical
l u s u	grammatical
n ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
b i v e	grammatical
s ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ i ʎ e	grammatical
z u ɡ e	grammatical
j ø ɡ y	grammatical
d a r ɯ	grammatical
m y tʃ e	grammatical
f u dʒ e	grammatical
n e s a	grammatical
d ø f e	grammatical
s y l y	grammatical
k o tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ e tʃ e	grammatical
b i v i	grammatical
ʒ u b u	grammatical
m i n i	grammatical
ɟ i s e	grammatical
j u m u	grammatical
n u t e	grammatical
k ø f e	grammatical
k e n e	grammatical
n u ɡ u	grammatical
t u dʒ e	grammatical
j y p y	grammatical
t ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
b e j e	grammatical
v i j e	grammatical
d ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
d o d e	grammatical
v u t e	grammatical
t e d e	grammatical
tʃ e t i	grammatical
ʃ y ʒ y	grammatical
p u l a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ d a	grammatical
p e m a	grammatical
dʒ y p a	grammatical
l y ʃ y	grammatical
b i d a	grammatical
j y k e	grammatical
ɟ e ɟ a	grammatical
dʒ ø ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ ø p e	grammatical
b u m u	grammatical
ʃ i ɡ e	grammatical
s y ɟ a	grammatical
b ø s a	grammatical
p u s e	grammatical
m a k a	grammatical
ɡ a tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ y ʒ y	grammatical
t e m a	grammatical
s u m u	grammatical
ʃ i j i	grammatical
j ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
t y r e	grammatical
j ɯ v e	grammatical
dʒ ø ɡ a	grammatical
j a h ɯ	grammatical
z u tʃ a	grammatical
l i n i	grammatical
p e p a	grammatical
r ø t a	grammatical
z ø p e	grammatical
b a l e	grammatical
n o ʒ e	grammatical
m u ʎ e	grammatical
b i d i	grammatical
t u m u	grammatical
ɟ o p a	grammatical
ʃ y t e	grammatical
m ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
z o d e	grammatical
j a r e	grammatical
f e p e	grammatical
k ø b e	grammatical
ɟ ø d y	grammatical
dʒ ø z e	grammatical
z ø ʃ e	grammatical
d u s u	grammatical
m ø t y	grammatical
t ø ʎ a	grammatical
d a l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ e dʒ a	grammatical
f i h e	grammatical
l e t e	grammatical
z ø l a	grammatical
ɟ y r e	grammatical
b u ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
d a dʒ a	grammatical
r u d u	grammatical
tʃ ø s e	grammatical
ʎ o dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ y s y	grammatical
ʃ e ʃ i	grammatical
r y ʎ e	grammatical
r o r e	grammatical
tʃ o j u	grammatical
ɡ a s ɯ	grammatical
p y s y	grammatical
ɟ y f y	grammatical
v e ʃ a	grammatical
d ø n e	grammatical
p u tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
b o n u	grammatical
j o m a	grammatical
t e ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ a ɟ a	grammatical
h o z e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ j e	grammatical
p o f a	grammatical
j e h i	grammatical
b a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ɯ t a	grammatical
ʃ u h u	grammatical
j ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
p o p a	grammatical
n a v ɯ	grammatical
z e f a	grammatical
p u m u	grammatical
b o k a	grammatical
b o ʒ e	grammatical
d o z e	grammatical
b ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
p i ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ u j a	grammatical
tʃ ø n e	grammatical
m e j a	grammatical
j u n e	grammatical
l y f y	grammatical
m ø k a	grammatical
j i t a	grammatical
n e n i	grammatical
j i f a	grammatical
ɟ e p a	grammatical
j u s e	grammatical
r i m a	grammatical
ʎ o d e	grammatical
t ø n e	grammatical
ʎ o ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ o ʃ u	grammatical
v a f ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o j u	grammatical
b a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
h o d u	grammatical
dʒ ø l y	grammatical
dʒ o b u	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
b o f e	grammatical
k ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
dʒ o l a	grammatical
r ɯ d e	grammatical
b y dʒ e	grammatical
v u k u	grammatical
p y m e	grammatical
dʒ a d ɯ	grammatical
l e f a	grammatical
d y dʒ y	grammatical
p e b e	grammatical
d ø h a	grammatical
t u ʎ u	grammatical
l ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
l ø ʃ e	grammatical
n e z e	grammatical
v i ɟ e	grammatical
b ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
p e tʃ e	grammatical
d u tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ u k a	grammatical
ʒ u j e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y n e	grammatical
f y m e	grammatical
k ø j a	grammatical
p ø f e	grammatical
ʃ e ɡ i	grammatical
dʒ i b a	grammatical
ʃ e m a	grammatical
v o m e	grammatical
ɡ u j u	grammatical
l u tʃ e	grammatical
d ø ɟ a	grammatical
v ø tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ i k i	grammatical
l e ɡ i	grammatical
k e tʃ a	grammatical
h y h e	grammatical
r u r u	grammatical
ʎ i tʃ a	grammatical
t ɯ d a	grammatical
z u h e	grammatical
tʃ o n u	grammatical
l i s i	grammatical
ʎ i ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ e p e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n e	grammatical
ɡ ø l e	grammatical
tʃ e h a	grammatical
m o ɡ e	grammatical
h a m a	grammatical
ʒ i s a	grammatical
v y t a	grammatical
ʎ o tʃ u	grammatical
n ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
r a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j y b a	grammatical
t a f a	grammatical
t ø t a	grammatical
ʃ a ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ y p y	grammatical
d u t a	grammatical
b e ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ y ʒ a	grammatical
h ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
s i t e	grammatical
k y ɟ e	grammatical
t y ʎ e	grammatical
n i t a	grammatical
ʃ o k u	grammatical
b ø ɡ y	grammatical
z e j a	grammatical
ʎ ø ɡ e	grammatical
f e ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ u k u	grammatical
z a t ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y ɡ e	grammatical
v e p e	grammatical
p i v i	grammatical
f o k u	grammatical
h i n a	grammatical
f e j i	grammatical
m y t y	grammatical
tʃ o t u	grammatical
l y z a	grammatical
r a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
j a l a	grammatical
v ø b e	grammatical
k e z a	grammatical
l e p e	grammatical
j y j y	grammatical
z e m a	grammatical
n y j e	grammatical
k a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
t i n e	grammatical
n ɯ m a	grammatical
p o b a	grammatical
ʃ ø v a	grammatical
h u z u	grammatical
z e h e	grammatical
d e b e	grammatical
ɡ y dʒ a	grammatical
l a d a	grammatical
d y ɟ y	grammatical
ʃ y f y	grammatical
r o ʃ u	grammatical
h ɯ v a	grammatical
t u p a	grammatical
n a p ɯ	grammatical
z y tʃ y	grammatical
d a b ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e s i	grammatical
ʎ y tʃ a	grammatical
s a p e	grammatical
l ø z a	grammatical
v i r i	grammatical
k e ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ e l i	grammatical
j ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
k i h e	grammatical
ɟ y m y	grammatical
t ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
p a t e	grammatical
ɡ i h a	grammatical
ɟ y t a	grammatical
j u ʒ a	grammatical
p e v i	grammatical
tʃ e t e	grammatical
p u l u	grammatical
k ø t a	grammatical
ʎ u ʒ e	grammatical
h o l u	grammatical
ʒ a s e	grammatical
z o t a	grammatical
t a b ɯ	grammatical
s a d e	grammatical
t ø ʃ e	grammatical
b ɯ r e	grammatical
h i m a	grammatical
dʒ ø f a	grammatical
ʒ u k e	grammatical
p i t i	grammatical
r ø d e	grammatical
h y s e	grammatical
f ɯ p a	grammatical
ɡ i d e	grammatical
h y k a	grammatical
k y d a	grammatical
ɡ a ʎ e	grammatical
m u b e	grammatical
f i ɡ i	grammatical
f a h ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ɯ s e	grammatical
t o s a	grammatical
ɟ a r a	grammatical
r e z i	grammatical
b a m e	grammatical
m o b e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ p e	grammatical
t u dʒ a	grammatical
d ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a dʒ e	grammatical
h ɯ s a	grammatical
ɟ e m e	grammatical
ʎ ø ɡ y	grammatical
v u ʃ u	grammatical
z ø t e	grammatical
j u v a	grammatical
b y ʃ a	grammatical
n o ʃ e	grammatical
r ø ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
m ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
j ɯ t a	grammatical
s ɯ z e	grammatical
n i tʃ a	grammatical
b a f a	grammatical
z u m u	grammatical
j y v y	grammatical
ʒ i f i	grammatical
ʒ i r i	grammatical
ɟ u d u	grammatical
l i h i	grammatical
tʃ i d i	grammatical
h ɯ j a	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ a	grammatical
dʒ u k a	grammatical
m u ʒ e	grammatical
m ø ɟ y	grammatical
b ø f a	grammatical
d a ʃ e	grammatical
n ø ʃ e	grammatical
d a h e	grammatical
ɡ i ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ a h e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
d i ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ o r e	grammatical
ɡ o v a	grammatical
m a p e	grammatical
p i d a	grammatical
f ɯ s e	grammatical
t a h a	grammatical
ʎ y k y	grammatical
b a j ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o s a	grammatical
d ø d a	grammatical
ʃ i m a	grammatical
ʎ a ʒ e	grammatical
z i ʎ i	grammatical
m e v i	grammatical
v y j y	grammatical
r a b e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ t e	grammatical
t o t u	grammatical
ɡ o ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ o ʃ u	grammatical
tʃ i b i	grammatical
f ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a k ɯ	grammatical
s ø tʃ e	grammatical
s e m i	grammatical
n u ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ u f u	grammatical
h ø s y	grammatical
l ɯ f a	grammatical
tʃ o f a	grammatical
l e r e	grammatical
f e f i	grammatical
v ø v y	grammatical
t ɯ k a	grammatical
f u z u	grammatical
k u m e	grammatical
v ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ h e	grammatical
n o j e	grammatical
r e h i	grammatical
z ɯ l a	grammatical
v a ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ i ɡ a	grammatical
m i k i	grammatical
d y h a	grammatical
d o m a	grammatical
ʃ u ʎ a	grammatical
p ø r y	grammatical
p ø j e	grammatical
z i r a	grammatical
r u z e	grammatical
k e d a	grammatical
tʃ a f ɯ	grammatical
z i m e	grammatical
d e t i	grammatical
n o tʃ u	grammatical
l e ʃ i	grammatical
j i j i	grammatical
k ø r a	grammatical
r ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
h a d e	grammatical
h u ʃ u	grammatical
k o n e	grammatical
ɡ a f e	grammatical
k a s e	grammatical
f i k e	grammatical
h a tʃ a	grammatical
f ø s a	grammatical
dʒ e b i	grammatical
k a p e	grammatical
p a d a	grammatical
j e h a	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y d e	grammatical
tʃ o n a	grammatical
ɟ i ʎ a	grammatical
v ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y dʒ e	grammatical
v o t e	grammatical
ɟ u k a	grammatical
h o z u	grammatical
ɟ y s e	grammatical
r y tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
s ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
p u p e	grammatical
ʎ i s e	grammatical
p e ʃ i	grammatical
h e dʒ e	grammatical
l i f i	grammatical
k a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø f y	grammatical
s e v e	grammatical
b y l y	grammatical
ʃ y ɡ y	grammatical
ʒ e ɟ i	grammatical
ɡ a z e	grammatical
j a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
t o ʎ e	grammatical
n i ɡ e	grammatical
r u f e	grammatical
d y tʃ e	grammatical
h ɯ p a	grammatical
ʎ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
f ø l e	grammatical
t i m i	grammatical
n y s e	grammatical
ʎ e b a	grammatical
ʎ u l u	grammatical
h y ɡ y	grammatical
ʒ i n e	grammatical
p y p a	grammatical
m a m a	grammatical
j ø p y	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ y l y	grammatical
l a f ɯ	grammatical
s i m a	grammatical
z ø k y	grammatical
ɡ e ʒ i	grammatical
tʃ i b a	grammatical
b i k i	grammatical
d i h e	grammatical
f u p e	grammatical
j e p a	grammatical
b y m e	grammatical
ɡ a d ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o d e	grammatical
z i n e	grammatical
dʒ u b u	grammatical
t u l u	grammatical
ʎ u dʒ e	grammatical
h o ɡ u	grammatical
b u ʎ e	grammatical
z ø b y	grammatical
n ɯ v a	grammatical
z o v e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ z e	grammatical
ʒ i ʒ a	grammatical
p e l e	grammatical
z ø k e	grammatical
b ɯ r a	grammatical
l o ɡ a	grammatical
f y k y	grammatical
ʎ ø s y	grammatical
dʒ e ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ ø ɡ e	grammatical
n i ʃ a	grammatical
b ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
k a k ɯ	grammatical
n e ɡ i	grammatical
t ɯ p a	grammatical
s a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ u l a	grammatical
ɡ a b ɯ	grammatical
z a v ɯ	grammatical
s ø dʒ e	grammatical
d u ɡ u	grammatical
ʒ u n u	grammatical
n a p a	grammatical
f a dʒ a	grammatical
d u t u	grammatical
dʒ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
z i j a	grammatical
t u j a	grammatical
d ɯ t a	grammatical
s ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
m ø f a	grammatical
ɡ u m u	grammatical
d y z y	grammatical
b ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
k a l a	grammatical
ɟ y ʎ a	grammatical
l i j e	grammatical
s ɯ j e	grammatical
z a p a	grammatical
ʎ u ʒ a	grammatical
h a t ɯ	grammatical
t i d i	grammatical
t e n a	grammatical
dʒ i p e	grammatical
ɟ o b e	grammatical
d o v a	grammatical
s y r y	grammatical
ʎ e n i	grammatical
ɟ ø v y	grammatical
f a l ɯ	grammatical
p o m e	grammatical
h u f a	grammatical
ɟ e ʃ i	grammatical
m o m a	grammatical
r y p e	grammatical
z ɯ s e	grammatical
m ɯ k a	grammatical
m a n a	grammatical
ʎ o ɡ u	grammatical
s y ʃ a	grammatical
h ø k y	grammatical
k ø ʃ y	grammatical
ʎ y f y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ z e	grammatical
b o tʃ u	grammatical
k o ʃ u	grammatical
m ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
h o tʃ e	grammatical
m o j a	grammatical
j o n a	grammatical
h e ʒ a	grammatical
l ɯ z a	grammatical
r a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ø m y	grammatical
z ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
k o ʃ a	grammatical
l y p y	grammatical
r y z y	grammatical
p a b e	grammatical
dʒ a ɟ e	grammatical
d ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
d i p a	grammatical
s ɯ v e	grammatical
n a h e	grammatical
j u ɟ e	grammatical
s ø ʃ a	grammatical
t u tʃ u	grammatical
d y p y	grammatical
t o h e	grammatical
ɡ a l ɯ	grammatical
p u tʃ u	grammatical
d e m e	grammatical
h ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
n y n y	grammatical
m ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
v u ʒ u	grammatical
h a b a	grammatical
l e b e	grammatical
m ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
h e z a	grammatical
h y s a	grammatical
ʎ ø k y	grammatical
tʃ i r e	grammatical
r o t e	grammatical
ɡ u h u	grammatical
dʒ o j a	grammatical
ʃ u j e	grammatical
s e ʃ i	grammatical
z u dʒ e	grammatical
s ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
d i z a	grammatical
l u ʃ a	grammatical
s i p e	grammatical
t u r a	grammatical
b ø k e	grammatical
t e ɡ i	grammatical
h ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
h ø dʒ a	grammatical
j ø z y	grammatical
ʃ a t a	grammatical
r ɯ n e	grammatical
p o f u	grammatical
ʒ o tʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
f ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a ʃ a	grammatical
n i ʎ i	grammatical
z o tʃ a	grammatical
m u f a	grammatical
b a t ɯ	grammatical
f ɯ k e	grammatical
z e k a	grammatical
j i n i	grammatical
ʎ a m e	grammatical
ɡ u k a	grammatical
v o d u	grammatical
f y d e	grammatical
j i dʒ i	grammatical
m i ʃ i	grammatical
ʃ e dʒ e	grammatical
r e ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ a v ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
f ø b a	grammatical
p a ɡ a	grammatical
s y ʎ y	grammatical
t i l a	grammatical
l o t a	grammatical
j a ʎ a	grammatical
j a dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ i z e	grammatical
t i t i	grammatical
n y s a	grammatical
b o r e	grammatical
d i b a	grammatical
d y k e	grammatical
t ø n a	grammatical
ʒ a ʎ e	grammatical
v u l u	grammatical
p ø z e	grammatical
b o d a	grammatical
r i n i	grammatical
dʒ y l y	grammatical
k u ʒ a	grammatical
h u n a	grammatical
b e f e	grammatical
m i dʒ a	grammatical
v y t y	grammatical
ʃ u n e	grammatical
p y tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ e ɟ e	grammatical
z ø r a	grammatical
tʃ e v e	grammatical
ɟ y ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ e n a	grammatical
n ɯ r e	grammatical
m y ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ i ɟ a	grammatical
b a dʒ a	grammatical
p a d e	grammatical
d e ɟ i	grammatical
ɟ i f i	grammatical
n ɯ b a	grammatical
j y tʃ y	grammatical
v u tʃ u	grammatical
ɟ y k e	grammatical
k o v u	grammatical
ɡ e p a	grammatical
z ø r y	grammatical
ʃ i j a	grammatical
l u m e	grammatical
m e ɡ i	grammatical
ʒ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o r a	grammatical
p ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
v i h i	grammatical
z ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ e d a	grammatical
ɟ ø ʃ e	grammatical
l i k i	grammatical
dʒ e tʃ i	grammatical
m o ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ u m e	grammatical
tʃ ø d y	grammatical
t o z e	grammatical
j e ɟ a	grammatical
f u ɡ e	grammatical
ʎ i dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a n e	grammatical
k e r a	grammatical
s i f e	grammatical
ʒ e ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ ø p e	grammatical
f ø j e	grammatical
b i tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ø d y	grammatical
j o z a	grammatical
j o n u	grammatical
h u m u	grammatical
s ɯ z a	grammatical
m u ʃ a	grammatical
f i k a	grammatical
ɡ i d a	grammatical
m i h i	grammatical
k u m a	grammatical
v ø r e	grammatical
m ɯ f a	grammatical
n e s e	grammatical
ʃ o s u	grammatical
j u h e	grammatical
tʃ u m e	grammatical
s a f ɯ	grammatical
j ø f e	grammatical
tʃ ø j y	grammatical
r e f e	grammatical
ɡ y k y	grammatical
t u f u	grammatical
v a r e	grammatical
r ø s a	grammatical
h e j e	grammatical
ʒ u ʎ e	grammatical
dʒ y s y	grammatical
s u f e	grammatical
r ø s e	grammatical
t i ʒ i	grammatical
l ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
m ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ ø k a	grammatical
ɟ y k a	grammatical
d u r a	grammatical
m a d ɯ	grammatical
n ø ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ u j e	grammatical
tʃ y ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ o ʃ u	grammatical
j y r y	grammatical
f ø dʒ a	grammatical
p ø n e	grammatical
v e v i	grammatical
h e v e	grammatical
f a d a	grammatical
dʒ a r a	grammatical
s ø b a	grammatical
s o n u	grammatical
p ɯ p a	grammatical
ʎ y d e	grammatical
dʒ y ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
s y z y	grammatical
f ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
s y t y	grammatical
k y b a	grammatical
ɡ ø dʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
s ø h e	grammatical
p a n a	grammatical
l ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
m a tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ e d e	grammatical
f ø ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ y d e	grammatical
ɡ ø n e	grammatical
k o j a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
ʃ y ʃ y	grammatical
z ɯ b e	grammatical
ʎ i h i	grammatical
s ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
d o k u	grammatical
ʒ i f e	grammatical
ʃ a p ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y p a	grammatical
tʃ ø z e	grammatical
ʒ i s i	grammatical
t i tʃ i	grammatical
ɟ o dʒ e	grammatical
m a f e	grammatical
p i ɡ i	grammatical
n a ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ ø h e	grammatical
r u dʒ u	grammatical
m ɯ r a	grammatical
j i ɡ e	grammatical
t u ʒ a	grammatical
k i m i	grammatical
ʒ ø tʃ y	grammatical
ʒ y j a	grammatical
d e z i	grammatical
z e ʎ a	grammatical
p ø l a	grammatical
h y d e	grammatical
h a t e	grammatical
l y j e	grammatical
p u h u	grammatical
t u k u	grammatical
z ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
k i b i	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
f u k u	grammatical
ʒ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ t e	grammatical
dʒ e l e	grammatical
k a m e	grammatical
tʃ i ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ i ʎ e	grammatical
f u h e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m a	grammatical
h ø r a	grammatical
b a k ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a ʃ e	grammatical
p i tʃ e	grammatical
m a d a	grammatical
z a v e	grammatical
t o ʒ u	grammatical
n e ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ø tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ i s a	grammatical
m o l e	grammatical
d ø r e	grammatical
d a n a	grammatical
m e dʒ i	grammatical
j a j a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
t i dʒ i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a v e	grammatical
tʃ a z e	grammatical
h i f i	grammatical
p a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
p y d y	grammatical
v ø z a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ v e	grammatical
n ø s a	grammatical
l a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o k e	grammatical
d a ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ i n e	grammatical
r o k e	grammatical
s i ʒ i	grammatical
p u l e	grammatical
s i l i	grammatical
m ø k e	grammatical
l a d ɯ	grammatical
z o ʎ a	grammatical
h i n i	grammatical
j o l e	grammatical
r u s a	grammatical
k u l a	grammatical
z ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
j a z e	grammatical
j a n e	grammatical
tʃ ø s a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ z a	grammatical
ɟ a l ɯ	grammatical
d y p e	grammatical
z a ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ y m y	grammatical
p i p i	grammatical
tʃ ø ʎ y	grammatical
s y k y	grammatical
dʒ ø k y	grammatical
h i h e	grammatical
ɟ ø h e	grammatical
b y r y	grammatical
b a s e	grammatical
l ɯ d e	grammatical
v e ɟ i	grammatical
b ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
v ø ʃ y	grammatical
ʒ i v e	grammatical
tʃ i l e	grammatical
r u ɟ u	grammatical
b ø k y	grammatical
ʒ i h i	grammatical
ɡ e ɟ i	grammatical
h o l a	grammatical
m ø s y	grammatical
k i p a	grammatical
j ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
f ø t e	grammatical
tʃ i s e	grammatical
j u ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ e ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ y ʒ y	grammatical
h y f y	grammatical
l ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
j y l a	grammatical
ʒ e ʒ a	grammatical
n u s e	grammatical
ʎ ø r y	grammatical
ʒ a p e	grammatical
ʎ a tʃ a	grammatical
l ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
p ø m y	grammatical
n ø s y	grammatical
d e f i	grammatical
tʃ o s e	grammatical
k o f e	grammatical
m e ʎ a	grammatical
h ɯ r e	grammatical
p o r u	grammatical
m a ɡ e	grammatical
n i ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ e ɡ e	grammatical
d a s a	grammatical
tʃ i ʎ a	grammatical
z a k e	grammatical
l u n u	grammatical
ʃ u d u	grammatical
f ɯ l e	grammatical
n a dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u n a	grammatical
t o dʒ a	grammatical
v a j a	grammatical
p ø d y	grammatical
dʒ y d e	grammatical
d y v e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ v a	grammatical
n o f u	grammatical
z i tʃ i	grammatical
tʃ o t a	grammatical
v y r e	grammatical
h o dʒ u	grammatical
p a f a	grammatical
f ø tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ y v y	grammatical
k ø p e	grammatical
k e m e	grammatical
n e j e	grammatical
s y s y	grammatical
k a t e	grammatical
m y m a	grammatical
p i z e	grammatical
n a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ o ɟ e	grammatical
f y p a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
l ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e n i	grammatical
ʃ e v e	grammatical
j i ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ u ʃ u	grammatical
j u l u	grammatical
t e f i	grammatical
ʎ o s e	grammatical
m i ɟ e	grammatical
f o s e	grammatical
d y n y	grammatical
k ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ a ʃ e	grammatical
l u ʒ e	grammatical
k o l a	grammatical
l o ɡ u	grammatical
f e ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ ø r e	grammatical
j i ʎ a	grammatical
t ø s e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a z a	grammatical
p i dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ o v e	grammatical
l i m a	grammatical
s i ɡ e	grammatical
r i ɟ i	grammatical
n u m a	grammatical
s u p e	grammatical
h u s u	grammatical
r e ɡ i	grammatical
ɡ e r e	grammatical
b o v u	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ i	grammatical
dʒ a n ɯ	grammatical
t u ɡ u	grammatical
tʃ i l a	grammatical
m ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
n ø ɡ y	grammatical
r ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
p y l y	grammatical
m ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
b i p e	grammatical
ɡ e ʎ e	grammatical
b ø p e	grammatical
tʃ i f a	grammatical
r a ʎ a	grammatical
k u z u	grammatical
tʃ u j a	grammatical
p ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
m y m e	grammatical
dʒ e n i	grammatical
v u ʒ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ d a	grammatical
n e h a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ r e	grammatical
p i m a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i m e	grammatical
ʎ y l a	grammatical
h u ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y t a	grammatical
j a dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ u j e	grammatical
m o z e	grammatical
v y ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ ø j y	grammatical
b i j i	grammatical
tʃ o ɟ u	grammatical
dʒ ø dʒ a	grammatical
n i b i	grammatical
p i tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ y p a	grammatical
t y b y	grammatical
b ø j e	grammatical
n i z e	grammatical
ɟ e s i	grammatical
t a v ɯ	grammatical
s ø v y	grammatical
m e p a	grammatical
z i t i	grammatical
j y n e	grammatical
l y t y	grammatical
t e ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ u	grammatical
ɟ u dʒ a	grammatical
s a p a	grammatical
dʒ y dʒ y	grammatical
tʃ e s e	grammatical
ʒ ø ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ a t ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e s a	grammatical
z i v e	grammatical
j o m u	grammatical
p y s e	grammatical
m u ʒ u	grammatical
dʒ i ʎ a	grammatical
k e b e	grammatical
j e f a	grammatical
ʎ o v u	grammatical
l u f a	grammatical
r ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
n o f e	grammatical
h o p a	grammatical
n a d a	grammatical
d i tʃ i	grammatical
n ɯ t e	grammatical
r ɯ h a	grammatical
d a t a	grammatical
h a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
k ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
p y m a	grammatical
ɟ a k ɯ	grammatical
h o h a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ u d u	grammatical
tʃ e dʒ i	grammatical
b o j u	grammatical
r e m a	grammatical
ʃ a v e	grammatical
ɟ o z a	grammatical
ʒ o r e	grammatical
r e dʒ e	grammatical
s ɯ h e	grammatical
j a z ɯ	grammatical
z e t a	grammatical
t a r e	grammatical
f ø ʃ a	grammatical
b e h a	grammatical
dʒ y f a	grammatical
ɡ e f i	grammatical
tʃ o b e	grammatical
j a r ɯ	grammatical
v i b a	grammatical
ʃ ø v y	grammatical
ʎ y j y	grammatical
ɡ ø p e	grammatical
b o v a	grammatical
z u ɟ u	grammatical
n ø h a	grammatical
ɡ a z a	grammatical
j ɯ m e	grammatical
h o tʃ u	grammatical
v ɯ m e	grammatical
ʒ ø s a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ k e	grammatical
ʒ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
b a f ɯ	grammatical
f a ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ f a	grammatical
ʃ y h e	grammatical
t a n e	grammatical
r i s i	grammatical
d ø h y	grammatical
ʃ o dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ i v i	grammatical
z i f e	grammatical
ʒ y r a	grammatical
ʒ o ʒ u	grammatical
r u f a	grammatical
l ø ʒ a	grammatical
l a t e	grammatical
dʒ u r u	grammatical
l ɯ t e	grammatical
h i v a	grammatical
b y ɟ e	grammatical
m e p i	grammatical
j ø ʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ e z e	grammatical
j i ʃ i	grammatical
k u ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ e ʒ e	grammatical
b i z a	grammatical
l i n a	grammatical
t a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
d e t e	grammatical
v o k e	grammatical
p u b u	grammatical
r ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ u p e	grammatical
ʒ a f ɯ	grammatical
s ɯ m e	grammatical
k e ɟ i	grammatical
n ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
m i v a	grammatical
k o ɟ u	grammatical
d y ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ ø k a	grammatical
k o j u	grammatical
ʃ o tʃ e	grammatical
s o k e	grammatical
f i f a	grammatical
j i f i	grammatical
p ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ i ʎ e	grammatical
s o k a	grammatical
d a p ɯ	grammatical
v i ʎ e	grammatical
ʒ y ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ e l i	grammatical
ɟ y n a	grammatical
m ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
z u p a	grammatical
m a b e	grammatical
d ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ø l e	grammatical
b u l a	grammatical
b a p a	grammatical
b i t a	grammatical
j o ɡ u	grammatical
t u j e	grammatical
v a z ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ r e	grammatical
l u dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ y b a	grammatical
z ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ u tʃ a	grammatical
s i s e	grammatical
d e p a	grammatical
m y h e	grammatical
j ɯ z e	grammatical
r y dʒ e	grammatical
b ø f y	grammatical
ʃ e ɟ a	grammatical
z ø s a	grammatical
b ø j a	grammatical
b ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
d ø ʒ y	grammatical
r ø h y	grammatical
t a k ɯ	grammatical
f i m e	grammatical
v e n i	grammatical
ʃ u v u	grammatical
b e m a	grammatical
l a z e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
p i f a	grammatical
v y m e	grammatical
k ɯ v a	grammatical
v o s a	grammatical
m o j u	grammatical
ʒ ø ʒ a	grammatical
b y m y	grammatical
z i n a	grammatical
v ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
m u h u	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ e	grammatical
r a dʒ e	grammatical
m u r u	grammatical
j i v a	grammatical
dʒ e j a	grammatical
j o v a	grammatical
s o ʃ e	grammatical
k ø f y	grammatical
h i ʒ a	grammatical
j o k e	grammatical
d y z a	grammatical
d i n a	grammatical
f e dʒ e	grammatical
l ɯ p e	grammatical
d i n i	grammatical
ʃ a ʃ a	grammatical
s o l u	grammatical
p e s e	grammatical
ɡ e dʒ i	grammatical
l y tʃ a	grammatical
d i m i	grammatical
tʃ i ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
z o t e	grammatical
z i z e	grammatical
v o h u	grammatical
r ɯ r a	grammatical
p y p e	grammatical
z u t u	grammatical
k a d ɯ	grammatical
h e ɟ e	grammatical
b y b e	grammatical
tʃ a r ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o h e	grammatical
k e l i	grammatical
t i dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ o v u	grammatical
ʎ u z a	grammatical
m ɯ h a	grammatical
z u r e	grammatical
ʃ ø r e	grammatical
b ɯ s a	grammatical
b e r a	grammatical
ɟ a h ɯ	grammatical
p o k a	grammatical
p o ʃ e	grammatical
p y ʒ a	grammatical
d i p i	grammatical
b y tʃ e	grammatical
f a d e	grammatical
ʃ o j u	grammatical
ʒ i p a	grammatical
p ø ʎ y	grammatical
l ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ a h a	grammatical
z ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
d u z u	grammatical
t y ɟ y	grammatical
ɡ o ʒ e	grammatical
z ɯ z e	grammatical
v i t i	grammatical
v e ɡ i	grammatical
n ɯ n e	grammatical
t i j a	grammatical
l y s e	grammatical
z ɯ r a	grammatical
n o z a	grammatical
k y m y	grammatical
p y l e	grammatical
tʃ i h e	grammatical
ʃ o f u	grammatical
b y s a	grammatical
f i n i	grammatical
t i ɟ e	grammatical
f o m u	grammatical
v u p e	grammatical
n u b u	grammatical
t i ɟ i	grammatical
dʒ y r y	grammatical
l a b a	grammatical
ʃ y d e	grammatical
ʎ ø k a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
s a h e	grammatical
ɟ o n a	grammatical
s e ʎ a	grammatical
m y t e	grammatical
m a j ɯ	grammatical
r i z e	grammatical
k y r y	grammatical
tʃ o k u	grammatical
p ɯ l e	grammatical
f ɯ s a	grammatical
ɡ a d e	grammatical
p a d ɯ	grammatical
l y d y	grammatical
tʃ i n e	grammatical
p i b e	grammatical
s i dʒ i	grammatical
f a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
t y f e	grammatical
j ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
j y j e	grammatical
r ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ i dʒ a	grammatical
k ø m e	grammatical
l y t e	grammatical
d a m ɯ	grammatical
j y dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ y t a	grammatical
h ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ y j e	grammatical
k ø t y	grammatical
j ø s a	grammatical
dʒ ø v y	grammatical
m a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
h o tʃ a	grammatical
t y tʃ a	grammatical
k e k i	grammatical
ɟ e ɡ i	grammatical
s o ʎ e	grammatical
d a s ɯ	grammatical
b a ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ o v u	grammatical
n o k u	grammatical
dʒ a ɡ a	grammatical
b a ʃ e	grammatical
r ø b y	grammatical
l y ʎ e	grammatical
m o ʎ a	grammatical
l i tʃ i	grammatical
d ɯ b a	grammatical
f u k e	grammatical
k a f ɯ	grammatical
n y h e	grammatical
s y z e	grammatical
l o f u	grammatical
z a l a	grammatical
h e h i	grammatical
r e ɡ a	grammatical
k i n a	grammatical
n e m a	grammatical
v ɯ h a	grammatical
ʃ ø j a	grammatical
ʃ y k a	grammatical
s o ʒ e	grammatical
j ø ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ d a	grammatical
v e h i	grammatical
m ɯ z e	grammatical
k o m a	grammatical
n e ɡ a	grammatical
j a f a	grammatical
d ɯ h e	grammatical
n a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
l u z u	grammatical
j u ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ a b a	grammatical
f y h y	grammatical
h ø n e	grammatical
l ɯ r a	grammatical
ʎ e v i	grammatical
d a ɡ e	grammatical
h e j i	grammatical
ʒ o s e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ y tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ u tʃ u	grammatical
p ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
v a p e	grammatical
p a b ɯ	grammatical
k a n e	grammatical
tʃ y h e	grammatical
s ɯ d e	grammatical
f i ʒ a	grammatical
h ø dʒ e	grammatical
m a t a	grammatical
d ɯ b e	grammatical
d ɯ k a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ø f a	grammatical
b o tʃ e	grammatical
l ɯ l a	grammatical
f u ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ i dʒ a	grammatical
r i v e	grammatical
r e ɟ e	grammatical
ʒ y dʒ e	grammatical
d y h y	grammatical
ɟ i f a	grammatical
dʒ i k a	grammatical
l i k a	grammatical
n e dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ e k e	grammatical
n a ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ y ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ o n e	grammatical
z a dʒ a	grammatical
f y k e	grammatical
ʎ u h e	grammatical
b o ʃ u	grammatical
ɟ e k a	grammatical
h a dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ a n ɯ	grammatical
v i ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ i dʒ a	grammatical
f i ɟ e	grammatical
j a h e	grammatical
m y b a	grammatical
j ø dʒ e	grammatical
n a ʒ e	grammatical
v y m a	grammatical
j e k i	grammatical
ɡ ɯ b a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
b o r a	grammatical
ʎ u f a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
z o ʃ u	grammatical
r a h a	grammatical
z e dʒ i	grammatical
ʃ o m a	grammatical
p o n e	grammatical
t a s ɯ	grammatical
k a p a	grammatical
j ø ʃ e	grammatical
p o ʎ a	grammatical
v u z e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ l a	grammatical
ʃ a n e	grammatical
t u r u	grammatical
r u t a	grammatical
ʃ u r a	grammatical
f o n a	grammatical
t ø b e	grammatical
ɡ y n y	grammatical
dʒ o j e	grammatical
t o r a	grammatical
l y b a	grammatical
n ø f y	grammatical
ɡ ø z a	grammatical
ʒ a tʃ e	grammatical
p a m ɯ	grammatical
n u k e	grammatical
b a r ɯ	grammatical
m u j e	grammatical
v ø l a	grammatical
f y m a	grammatical
l y z y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ p a	grammatical
n a m e	grammatical
r ø t y	grammatical
ʎ u ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ y v e	grammatical
f a z a	grammatical
v u d u	grammatical
d i b i	grammatical
h o ʃ u	grammatical
v y ʒ e	grammatical
l u z a	grammatical
b a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
k ø z e	grammatical
l a t ɯ	grammatical
h i ʒ i	grammatical
k u ɟ u	grammatical
dʒ y z y	grammatical
ʎ y v e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʃ a	grammatical
b i ɟ e	grammatical
ɟ a z a	grammatical
p i s i	grammatical
n a k a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ n e	grammatical
n i p i	grammatical
p o r a	grammatical
z ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u ʒ e	grammatical
h a ʃ a	grammatical
p ɯ b e	grammatical
j e dʒ e	grammatical
j u s a	grammatical
n y dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ i p e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ y s a	grammatical
z e r i	grammatical
d y tʃ a	grammatical
s u t e	grammatical
ɟ i k i	grammatical
r o ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ e t e	grammatical
f a b a	grammatical
s ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ y v a	grammatical
z i ʒ a	grammatical
v o n e	grammatical
b ø d y	grammatical
h a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
n e ʒ a	grammatical
d e n e	grammatical
s i k i	grammatical
l u ʒ a	grammatical
h e p i	grammatical
t o m a	grammatical
f ø j y	grammatical
k y v y	grammatical
t y tʃ e	grammatical
j ø ʃ a	grammatical
f ø ʃ y	grammatical
d ø s a	grammatical
dʒ y tʃ a	grammatical
t u ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ e ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ ø h a	grammatical
dʒ o h e	grammatical
d e ʎ i	grammatical
l y ɟ y	grammatical
dʒ u r e	grammatical
p u d a	grammatical
m i h e	grammatical
ɟ e ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ e l a	grammatical
d ɯ z e	grammatical
ʃ u f a	grammatical
tʃ y ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ u ɟ u	grammatical
ʎ o tʃ e	grammatical
ʃ i f a	grammatical
ɡ u tʃ e	grammatical
k y m e	grammatical
dʒ y b a	grammatical
tʃ e p a	grammatical
m e ɟ a	grammatical
v u h a	grammatical
p ɯ k a	grammatical
tʃ i z a	grammatical
t y n y	grammatical
z i m i	grammatical
p y z a	grammatical
ʃ y m y	grammatical
s i k e	grammatical
r e f a	grammatical
f e r e	grammatical
d a d ɯ	grammatical
z u j a	grammatical
d a z a	grammatical
p o dʒ e	grammatical
v a f a	grammatical
s ø r e	grammatical
p ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
m a t e	grammatical
t e z e	grammatical
l ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ y ʒ e	grammatical
m ø ʃ a	grammatical
n ø b e	grammatical
t ɯ z e	grammatical
tʃ e ʒ a	grammatical
l ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
s e b a	grammatical
j y ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ u n e	grammatical
f u d u	grammatical
k a dʒ e	grammatical
d a f ɯ	grammatical
t u v a	grammatical
ɟ i j e	grammatical
v i ʃ a	grammatical
l u v u	grammatical
l ø v y	grammatical
n i z a	grammatical
v o ʃ e	grammatical
n o ɟ u	grammatical
z ɯ m a	grammatical
z ø f y	grammatical
ʃ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
p i p e	grammatical
ʒ e d i	grammatical
l ø ʃ y	grammatical
ʎ a ʃ e	grammatical
v i z i	grammatical
ʃ ø b e	grammatical
k y j a	grammatical
z e ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ u tʃ u	grammatical
b y d e	grammatical
f y l y	grammatical
ʃ i t i	grammatical
n y m y	grammatical
ʒ a t e	grammatical
k i k a	grammatical
d ø f a	grammatical
h ø l e	grammatical
n u l u	grammatical
dʒ u l e	grammatical
p i k e	grammatical
f i ʒ e	grammatical
l ø z e	grammatical
h ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ d e	grammatical
dʒ ø n e	grammatical
f e j a	grammatical
dʒ ø z a	grammatical
v u ɟ e	grammatical
s o h a	grammatical
s o ʎ u	grammatical
v i s a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ p e	grammatical
ɟ i j a	grammatical
z i l e	grammatical
d y d y	grammatical
d u ʎ a	grammatical
r u n u	grammatical
v i l e	grammatical
dʒ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
l a j e	grammatical
p ø ʒ e	grammatical
b y ʎ a	grammatical
z i f a	grammatical
n a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
k i l a	grammatical
dʒ ø m a	grammatical
j i s a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
f a j ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ t e	grammatical
z ø ʎ y	grammatical
v ɯ v a	grammatical
s a n e	grammatical
p ø ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u m e	grammatical
f ɯ j a	grammatical
s u p a	grammatical
m i d e	grammatical
ʒ e ʒ e	grammatical
v ø ʎ y	grammatical
b ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
s y z a	grammatical
j y t e	grammatical
s e l i	grammatical
ʒ y ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ u ɡ u	grammatical
m y f e	grammatical
n y t y	grammatical
r i ʒ i	grammatical
f ø n e	grammatical
ɟ u tʃ u	grammatical
n u p a	grammatical
ɟ e v i	grammatical
ʒ u f u	grammatical
m e ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ u k u	grammatical
l ø b y	grammatical
v o f u	grammatical
s u l e	grammatical
r o b e	grammatical
ʃ i k e	grammatical
b y k e	grammatical
dʒ y z a	grammatical
b u z a	grammatical
ʎ ø b a	grammatical
r ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
p y ʃ a	grammatical
s y n a	grammatical
ʒ y k y	grammatical
ɡ i ɡ i	grammatical
r ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
f y m y	grammatical
m ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
h ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
b a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ e tʃ a	grammatical
l ø dʒ y	grammatical
h a v a	grammatical
v a h ɯ	grammatical
s a b ɯ	grammatical
l a m ɯ	grammatical
ʒ y r e	grammatical
p i h i	grammatical
k u p a	grammatical
ʎ a j a	grammatical
tʃ i t i	grammatical
l u k a	grammatical
r a s ɯ	grammatical
l o v e	grammatical
v ø f y	grammatical
z u z a	grammatical
k y l a	grammatical
m a ʃ e	grammatical
n ɯ p a	grammatical
f u j u	grammatical
ɡ e l e	grammatical
ʒ i l e	grammatical
m i ʎ a	grammatical
h u n u	grammatical
dʒ u h a	grammatical
p a h e	grammatical
z u t a	grammatical
r o j u	grammatical
dʒ i d a	grammatical
b o r u	grammatical
v ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø l y	grammatical
f u n e	grammatical
z ø s y	grammatical
h i ɟ a	grammatical
h ø m y	grammatical
f u l u	grammatical
v ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ ø n y	grammatical
p u b e	grammatical
n ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a b ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o l e	grammatical
r o ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ y r e	grammatical
f u ɟ u	grammatical
dʒ o v a	grammatical
d ɯ j e	grammatical
l a s e	grammatical
ʎ a ʃ a	grammatical
d a ʎ e	grammatical
l u f e	grammatical
ɟ o f u	grammatical
l ø r a	grammatical
k a d e	grammatical
dʒ e p i	grammatical
ɡ a j a	grammatical
n y n e	grammatical
ʒ ø r a	grammatical
z ø t y	grammatical
p i l i	grammatical
k y l e	grammatical
v ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
h u t e	grammatical
m y l e	grammatical
ʎ u ɡ u	grammatical
f ø f a	grammatical
f y tʃ y	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ e	grammatical
z ø ʃ y	grammatical
ʃ ø j e	grammatical
ɡ i m a	grammatical
ʃ a k e	grammatical
s ø p e	grammatical
dʒ a ɡ e	grammatical
b ø r a	grammatical
z a m ɯ	grammatical
r i dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ e ʎ e	grammatical
b o dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ i t e	grammatical
tʃ i j a	grammatical
ɟ a p e	grammatical
z ɯ j e	grammatical
dʒ o h a	grammatical
dʒ y v e	grammatical
ʎ a f a	grammatical
p e d a	grammatical
h u r u	grammatical
n ɯ z e	grammatical
ɡ ø tʃ y	grammatical
m i r e	grammatical
tʃ u z e	grammatical
m y t a	grammatical
z o b e	grammatical
f o k a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
l y n a	grammatical
ʎ o dʒ a	grammatical
r a l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o ʎ a	grammatical
v u s u	grammatical
ɟ u j u	grammatical
t ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a m e	grammatical
k e j e	grammatical
dʒ a b e	grammatical
dʒ o r e	grammatical
f e h i	grammatical
t u n e	grammatical
ʃ i b i	grammatical
r i ʃ a	grammatical
l a dʒ e	grammatical
s i h i	grammatical
d y m a	grammatical
d u n u	grammatical
d e ɟ a	grammatical
b e tʃ i	grammatical
ʒ e l i	grammatical
z u j u	grammatical
ɡ e n i	grammatical
s i n i	grammatical
ɟ e d i	grammatical
dʒ e n e	grammatical
b ø t e	grammatical
l a v ɯ	grammatical
v e n a	grammatical
r u p e	grammatical
h e n a	grammatical
d ø ʎ a	grammatical
s i dʒ e	grammatical
v o k a	grammatical
ʒ ø f y	grammatical
s a t a	grammatical
ʃ a p e	grammatical
dʒ u ɡ e	grammatical
v e j i	grammatical
n u d u	grammatical
ʒ ø h e	grammatical
ɡ ø dʒ a	grammatical
p a p e	grammatical
v o v a	grammatical
r e z e	grammatical
v o t u	grammatical
tʃ u tʃ u	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e s a	grammatical
dʒ y ɟ a	grammatical
l o ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ y f e	grammatical
ɟ ø p e	grammatical
z e ʃ e	grammatical
f ɯ b a	grammatical
m ɯ n a	grammatical
f ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u m a	grammatical
l e t a	grammatical
z u ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ e t a	grammatical
j y ʒ y	grammatical
m o tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ o t a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
s a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ m a	grammatical
ʃ o r e	grammatical
j a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
r ø h a	grammatical
tʃ y j e	grammatical
dʒ e m a	grammatical
s ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u v a	grammatical
k e r i	grammatical
ʎ u k a	grammatical
ʒ i z i	grammatical
t a z e	grammatical
h o d a	grammatical
dʒ u h e	grammatical
k o l e	grammatical
d u d u	grammatical
ɟ i l e	grammatical
ɟ ø ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ a m e	grammatical
tʃ a ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ a z e	grammatical
f a b ɯ	grammatical
r o ɟ e	grammatical
j a n a	grammatical
b a ɟ a	grammatical
v i z a	grammatical
ɡ y tʃ a	grammatical
z ø tʃ e	grammatical
l ø z y	grammatical
m o f a	grammatical
ɡ e m i	grammatical
l a z ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
z u ʃ a	grammatical
f e n a	grammatical
s y f e	grammatical
b ø ɡ e	grammatical
r o f u	grammatical
s i j a	grammatical
dʒ u t e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ a l a	grammatical
ɡ i ʒ i	grammatical
r ɯ f e	grammatical
dʒ o ʒ e	grammatical
s ɯ r e	grammatical
k ø s y	grammatical
n o tʃ a	grammatical
l i m e	grammatical
z e k i	grammatical
j i ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ i b e	grammatical
l e l i	grammatical
m ø j a	grammatical
m ø h e	grammatical
j e ʎ i	grammatical
j ø l e	grammatical
p y z e	grammatical
z i f i	grammatical
z y m e	grammatical
j o ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ o f e	grammatical
j e dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ y k a	grammatical
n ø ʎ e	grammatical
n o f a	grammatical
dʒ u f a	grammatical
f ø p y	grammatical
s ø p y	grammatical
n ø dʒ a	grammatical
v ø s e	grammatical
z e ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
d y r y	grammatical
ʎ ø dʒ a	grammatical
d e k i	grammatical
t y s a	grammatical
f a s ɯ	grammatical
v u h e	grammatical
d o j u	grammatical
f u h a	grammatical
f y j y	grammatical
dʒ ø p y	grammatical
b i ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ ø h y	grammatical
ɟ o j a	grammatical
ʒ y h e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ p a	grammatical
ʒ o m a	grammatical
h o p e	grammatical
ʎ o l u	grammatical
dʒ y ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ ø l e	grammatical
r a z e	grammatical
b y f e	grammatical
p y ɡ e	grammatical
t u ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ u ɟ e	grammatical
z o ʎ u	grammatical
ʎ e dʒ e	grammatical
j ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
l y h y	grammatical
h ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
h i ɡ a	grammatical
m a j a	grammatical
ʃ o z u	grammatical
p ø ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ u	grammatical
m o t a	grammatical
ʃ e b e	grammatical
b u m e	grammatical
f y r a	grammatical
b y d a	grammatical
ɟ ø r y	grammatical
b ɯ f a	grammatical
f i f e	grammatical
ɡ y b y	grammatical
h ɯ l a	grammatical
s i ɡ i	grammatical
b y n e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ r e	grammatical
z i dʒ i	grammatical
tʃ u k e	grammatical
p u t e	grammatical
h y ʒ y	grammatical
dʒ i j i	grammatical
ɡ ø ɡ e	grammatical
v e ʎ a	grammatical
b i b e	grammatical
p a k a	grammatical
r o n e	grammatical
f e r i	grammatical
ɟ y l a	grammatical
tʃ y p y	grammatical
h y z e	grammatical
j ø ʃ y	grammatical
h u z e	grammatical
ʎ e f i	grammatical
d y tʃ y	grammatical
ʃ ø ɟ e	grammatical
v e ʎ i	grammatical
n a z e	grammatical
p i dʒ e	grammatical
z i k i	grammatical
dʒ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
d e ʒ i	grammatical
v ɯ j a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ k a	grammatical
k ø s a	grammatical
h a n a	grammatical
n e r e	grammatical
dʒ u ɡ u	grammatical
dʒ a k ɯ	grammatical
p i ɟ i	grammatical
k a ɡ e	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ e	grammatical
d a b e	grammatical
d e s a	grammatical
tʃ i ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ e z e	grammatical
f i b e	grammatical
r ø tʃ e	grammatical
l o h a	grammatical
ɟ y ɟ a	grammatical
r i tʃ i	grammatical
ɟ o tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ o b u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
j i dʒ e	grammatical
v o h a	grammatical
dʒ u v a	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ a s ɯ	grammatical
t ø z a	grammatical
f i s i	grammatical
ɡ i ʎ e	grammatical
z o h e	grammatical
f ø ɟ a	grammatical
k i ʎ i	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ e ʒ a	grammatical
f ø h a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ i ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ i k e	grammatical
f ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ ø t e	grammatical
n y r e	grammatical
dʒ y r a	grammatical
l e ʎ i	grammatical
k y k y	grammatical
f y f a	grammatical
dʒ e dʒ e	grammatical
b u z e	grammatical
ʒ y d e	grammatical
f i tʃ e	grammatical
v ø v e	grammatical
p a f ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o ʎ e	grammatical
r y f e	grammatical
f y ʃ a	grammatical
k u ɟ a	grammatical
n e t a	grammatical
j u d u	grammatical
t y tʃ y	grammatical
n ø m e	grammatical
b ø l y	grammatical
m ɯ n e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʒ e	grammatical
b ø r e	grammatical
b o ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ y b e	grammatical
dʒ a l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a ʒ e	grammatical
h ø h a	grammatical
f u ʎ a	grammatical
b y p e	grammatical
l ɯ d a	grammatical
ʒ ø d a	grammatical
k o f a	grammatical
h y ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ u ɟ u	grammatical
m y s a	grammatical
ʎ o p e	grammatical
n o n a	grammatical
ɟ i d i	grammatical
f a t ɯ	grammatical
d y f y	grammatical
v ø t a	grammatical
ɟ y n e	grammatical
k ø dʒ y	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ y	grammatical
ʃ i z i	grammatical
f u ɟ a	grammatical
ʎ ø b e	grammatical
f e ʒ i	grammatical
k e ʒ a	grammatical
h y r a	grammatical
l e j i	grammatical
v ɯ n e	grammatical
ʒ i z a	grammatical
d e ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ z a	grammatical
s e ʒ i	grammatical
ɟ y d y	grammatical
h y ɟ a	grammatical
b a v ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i h e	grammatical
b ø z y	grammatical
d o ɡ a	grammatical
l u p u	grammatical
v ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
z o ʃ e	grammatical
s ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
r y tʃ y	grammatical
ɟ ø dʒ e	grammatical
d ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ n a	grammatical
l o ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ i p a	grammatical
b ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
b e v i	grammatical
f e b i	grammatical
v o ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
d o ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ o d e	grammatical
ʎ y s y	grammatical
b ø m y	grammatical
n i f i	grammatical
v u n e	grammatical
k u ɡ u	grammatical
v a b ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ b a	grammatical
r e r a	grammatical
s ɯ r a	grammatical
v ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
s ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
h u r e	grammatical
dʒ u z u	grammatical
k ø m y	grammatical
f i t e	grammatical
n e ʒ e	grammatical
s ø t a	grammatical
l a v a	grammatical
ʎ y d a	grammatical
z u l a	grammatical
ɡ o ɟ e	grammatical
h ɯ v e	grammatical
n y f a	grammatical
ʒ i tʃ i	grammatical
j ø h y	grammatical
ʒ a ʃ e	grammatical
p u k e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
b u tʃ e	grammatical
j o r u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ l a	grammatical
m ø k y	grammatical
l o ɟ e	grammatical
j y ɟ e	grammatical
z a f a	grammatical
b o z a	grammatical
s u j a	grammatical
n u h a	grammatical
tʃ i v e	grammatical
v ø n a	grammatical
f i v a	grammatical
r i h i	grammatical
h i m i	grammatical
ʎ i t a	grammatical
ɟ ø f e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ p e	grammatical
tʃ y n e	grammatical
dʒ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
k y dʒ y	grammatical
n i b a	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ u	grammatical
ɡ y dʒ y	grammatical
k a b e	grammatical
dʒ a m a	grammatical
tʃ y m e	grammatical
l y b y	grammatical
b a ʎ e	grammatical
h e d e	grammatical
dʒ i r i	grammatical
ʎ o k e	grammatical
dʒ i f a	grammatical
l y ɟ e	grammatical
k u ʃ u	grammatical
t o k u	grammatical
d o s e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ z a	grammatical
t ø ʃ a	grammatical
k a v e	grammatical
ʃ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
d e tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ u r e	grammatical
v a ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
h e m i	grammatical
d u d e	grammatical
ɟ i z i	grammatical
t y m y	grammatical
m o r e	grammatical
ʎ ø h a	grammatical
l o z e	grammatical
p a z a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ v a	grammatical
ɟ y h y	grammatical
ɟ a ʃ a	grammatical
k ɯ l a	grammatical
p i ʎ i	grammatical
k ɯ b a	grammatical
n y m a	grammatical
v o tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ o h u	grammatical
m ø m a	grammatical
ʎ i d e	grammatical
p ø p e	grammatical
s i ʎ a	grammatical
n ɯ j a	grammatical
r e s e	grammatical
ɟ a ɟ e	grammatical
r o tʃ u	grammatical
j ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
l u tʃ u	grammatical
tʃ e k e	grammatical
v a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
t u z a	grammatical
ʒ y s e	grammatical
ʃ i tʃ a	grammatical
f y ɡ y	grammatical
l u h u	grammatical
b a k e	grammatical
ʎ u ʃ e	grammatical
p e l i	grammatical
n o h e	grammatical
r u t u	grammatical
ʒ ø z e	grammatical
ʒ u m e	grammatical
t o b e	grammatical
ʎ u ʎ a	grammatical
v o ɡ u	grammatical
ʒ i ʃ e	grammatical
s y dʒ a	grammatical
v u m u	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ a	grammatical
s y b a	grammatical
tʃ o m u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ b e	grammatical
n u h u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
b y r a	grammatical
h i ʒ e	grammatical
j ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
z ø ɟ y	grammatical
k u d a	grammatical
ʃ e d a	grammatical
p u v a	grammatical
ʎ o m u	grammatical
b e ʃ i	grammatical
r u ʃ e	grammatical
j y j a	grammatical
ʒ i tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ ø d e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ m a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ n e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a z a	grammatical
s y t a	grammatical
ʎ i s i	grammatical
n ɯ j e	grammatical
tʃ i tʃ e	grammatical
l ø b e	grammatical
dʒ a n e	grammatical
h u dʒ u	grammatical
k i tʃ e	grammatical
z y k e	grammatical
p ɯ b a	grammatical
n a l ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e b e	grammatical
v e k a	grammatical
r y z a	grammatical
s u tʃ a	grammatical
v e h e	grammatical
f y ɡ e	grammatical
m y ʎ a	grammatical
h y dʒ y	grammatical
z e j i	grammatical
t u l e	grammatical
dʒ e r e	grammatical
l o j u	grammatical
z o dʒ u	grammatical
r i d e	grammatical
b ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
v u ʃ e	grammatical
f ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u t a	grammatical
tʃ o m e	grammatical
t y v a	grammatical
dʒ a h a	grammatical
b e t i	grammatical
ʒ e f e	grammatical
k y dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ e h e	grammatical
z e d e	grammatical
r a z ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o f a	grammatical
t a l ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
m o p e	grammatical
s u h a	grammatical
ɡ e z a	grammatical
ɡ u dʒ e	grammatical
v ø r y	grammatical
ʃ u k e	grammatical
d y z e	grammatical
d o ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ a s ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i p e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y ɟ y	grammatical
m o ʃ u	grammatical
k ø z y	grammatical
dʒ y z e	grammatical
f o ɟ u	grammatical
j i p i	grammatical
l ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
h y p a	grammatical
ɡ i ʒ a	grammatical
t y h a	grammatical
b u ʒ u	grammatical
s y d a	grammatical
tʃ e p i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a k ɯ	grammatical
z u n a	grammatical
d i j a	grammatical
t i p e	grammatical
v u v u	grammatical
l e n e	grammatical
ʎ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
f u b u	grammatical
h ɯ k a	grammatical
f y p y	grammatical
z ɯ f e	grammatical
k a j ɯ	grammatical
ɟ i p i	grammatical
dʒ a p ɯ	grammatical
k i z e	grammatical
n e b e	grammatical
l y l a	grammatical
d a j e	grammatical
k u p e	grammatical
ɡ u t u	grammatical
r a f a	grammatical
l y l e	grammatical
tʃ ø ɡ a	grammatical
r i ɡ i	grammatical
s o p u	grammatical
k u ʃ a	grammatical
k y r a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ u ʒ e	grammatical
t i s e	grammatical
z e r a	grammatical
b y ɟ a	grammatical
z ø k a	grammatical
tʃ e l i	grammatical
n o m u	grammatical
r ø v e	grammatical
m u ʎ u	grammatical
r ɯ p e	grammatical
f o ɟ a	grammatical
t a t ɯ	grammatical
l u l u	grammatical
m ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
s e ʎ i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ s a	grammatical
n y ʒ a	grammatical
j a tʃ e	grammatical
m i ʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ m a	grammatical
p y ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ e ɟ e	grammatical
s y k a	grammatical
ʎ o v a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ i n i	grammatical
ʎ ø p e	grammatical
b y ɡ e	grammatical
s u n a	grammatical
h i z i	grammatical
tʃ y ɟ y	grammatical
p a l ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
k o m u	grammatical
r ø r e	grammatical
n i m e	grammatical
j y f e	grammatical
h ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
j u t a	grammatical
m e t a	grammatical
p y r y	grammatical
l ø ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ o m a	grammatical
j e d e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ n e	grammatical
f y ʒ e	grammatical
k y k a	grammatical
v o ɟ e	grammatical
z ø f e	grammatical
ʃ y tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u f e	grammatical
ʒ o ʒ a	grammatical
m a m ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y ʎ a	grammatical
j ø d a	grammatical
b ø n a	grammatical
b o b a	grammatical
d i s a	grammatical
s y h y	grammatical
dʒ i ʒ i	grammatical
m ɯ s a	grammatical
h a j ɯ	grammatical
r u h a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ b a	grammatical
r ɯ d a	grammatical
s a ʎ e	grammatical
s u ʎ e	grammatical
l e s i	grammatical
r a n ɯ	grammatical
t a b e	grammatical
n i tʃ e	grammatical
z ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
m y z y	grammatical
n ø ʃ a	grammatical
m u n u	grammatical
m ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
l ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
h u k e	grammatical
d a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
n i ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ u ʒ a	grammatical
j e ʒ e	grammatical
l u ɟ e	grammatical
t y p y	grammatical
t ɯ m e	grammatical
n o l u	grammatical
t o d a	grammatical
dʒ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ o ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ i r e	grammatical
d o m e	grammatical
n a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
f o ɡ u	grammatical
tʃ a ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ u f e	grammatical
n y r y	grammatical
tʃ ø p y	grammatical
b u t e	grammatical
n e ɡ e	grammatical
n y b y	grammatical
h y ʒ a	grammatical
m o b u	grammatical
ʒ e k e	grammatical
p u ʃ u	grammatical
j o ʒ u	grammatical
h ø f e	grammatical
dʒ y k a	grammatical
tʃ a d a	grammatical
z e ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
d y m y	grammatical
s u h e	grammatical
ʒ u ɡ u	grammatical
ɟ a j a	grammatical
l e h i	grammatical
h y b y	grammatical
ɟ u s a	grammatical
m y v y	grammatical
v a v a	grammatical
r ø p a	grammatical
l o z a	grammatical
f o h e	grammatical
ɡ u l a	grammatical
r ø n y	grammatical
dʒ o tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ i f i	grammatical
ɡ u s a	grammatical
h e tʃ a	grammatical
d y l y	grammatical
p o ʃ a	grammatical
v ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø s y	grammatical
h ø b a	grammatical
k y tʃ a	grammatical
t ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ a ʎ a	grammatical
v y d y	grammatical
tʃ o z e	grammatical
v i ɡ a	grammatical
m ø b a	grammatical
v ɯ b a	grammatical
v y n y	grammatical
p y tʃ a	grammatical
d y s e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ l a	grammatical
ʎ u tʃ a	grammatical
v u r u	grammatical
k a ʎ e	grammatical
l i t i	grammatical
f ɯ n a	grammatical
b a ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ ø b y	grammatical
p e ɡ e	grammatical
p e ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ u dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ o ɡ a	grammatical
t y ʎ y	grammatical
n u ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ u f a	grammatical
h ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
p u n a	grammatical
z i p e	grammatical
s ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø d y	grammatical
dʒ e ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ o d e	grammatical
ʒ y j y	grammatical
d e ʒ e	grammatical
p y j y	grammatical
j u n a	grammatical
ɡ u d e	grammatical
n u f u	grammatical
ɡ a ɟ e	grammatical
s i ʃ i	grammatical
tʃ e ɡ e	grammatical
k i ɡ e	grammatical
k i dʒ i	grammatical
d ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø f a	grammatical
b u b e	grammatical
k i ʒ a	grammatical
r e f i	grammatical
j y ʒ a	grammatical
f y dʒ y	grammatical
r ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
p e h i	grammatical
dʒ a m ɯ	grammatical
ɟ i dʒ i	grammatical
ɟ i ɡ i	grammatical
z a ʒ a	grammatical
d ɯ v a	grammatical
m e j e	grammatical
h u b u	grammatical
r a p e	grammatical
z y f a	grammatical
s ø j y	grammatical
ʃ o t e	grammatical
t ø j y	grammatical
j e m i	grammatical
z ø f a	grammatical
b e n e	grammatical
ʃ y z e	grammatical
v ø f e	grammatical
tʃ y ʃ y	grammatical
f ɯ m e	grammatical
h ø t e	grammatical
ɟ y p a	grammatical
p ø r a	grammatical
ɟ u m a	grammatical
s ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
m ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
j i tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø k e	grammatical
s e tʃ e	grammatical
r ɯ l a	grammatical
p ø b a	grammatical
dʒ y k y	grammatical
f ø z e	grammatical
ʎ a v a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
d o f e	grammatical
tʃ u v e	grammatical
dʒ a z ɯ	grammatical
p i t e	grammatical
ʃ u p e	grammatical
m e k i	grammatical
j a tʃ a	grammatical
z ø v y	grammatical
z a l e	grammatical
ʒ o n a	grammatical
t a v e	grammatical
tʃ a p e	grammatical
t ɯ l a	grammatical
ʃ ø n a	grammatical
dʒ a t e	grammatical
tʃ e ɡ a	grammatical
j e j i	grammatical
ɟ y k y	grammatical
ʃ u dʒ u	grammatical
m o ʒ a	grammatical
j y ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ y ɡ a	grammatical
b ɯ v e	grammatical
j e ʃ i	grammatical
h i s e	grammatical
l ø r e	grammatical
j i v e	grammatical
r a ʃ e	grammatical
d i p e	grammatical
ɟ a ɡ a	grammatical
h ø j y	grammatical
s ø k a	grammatical
n a b a	grammatical
j ø p e	grammatical
b e j i	grammatical
t e n i	grammatical
p o p u	grammatical
f y p e	grammatical
tʃ a l ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ p e	grammatical
ʒ u dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ ø f y	grammatical
k o r a	grammatical
ɡ e ʃ i	grammatical
l e b i	grammatical
v a ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ o dʒ e	grammatical
s y ʎ e	grammatical
b ø dʒ e	grammatical
v i r a	grammatical
d e p e	grammatical
tʃ i d e	grammatical
ʃ i z a	grammatical
b i ɡ a	grammatical
r ø ɟ y	grammatical
z y z e	grammatical
d ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e k a	grammatical
ɟ u ʎ u	grammatical
l a b e	grammatical
ʒ a s a	grammatical
v e ʒ i	grammatical
ɟ o b a	grammatical
z ɯ j a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e r e	grammatical
h ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u tʃ a	grammatical
p u v e	grammatical
l y m y	grammatical
b u ɡ u	grammatical
k ø j y	grammatical
ʃ o k e	grammatical
m y k e	grammatical
dʒ e v a	grammatical
m ɯ p a	grammatical
m i f a	grammatical
m u m e	grammatical
k ø ʃ e	grammatical
z o ɟ u	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ a	grammatical
dʒ o l u	grammatical
n ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y dʒ a	grammatical
n ø ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ e dʒ i	grammatical
l a n ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
k a ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ i t i	grammatical
f i d e	grammatical
ɡ o h u	grammatical
d u ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ ø d e	grammatical
l y v a	grammatical
s o m u	grammatical
ɟ o dʒ u	grammatical
h ɯ p e	grammatical
t ø f a	grammatical
b e r e	grammatical
v i dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ i s e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
f i ɟ a	grammatical
b e l e	grammatical
v a f e	grammatical
ɡ u ʃ u	grammatical
ʒ o f e	grammatical
z u n e	grammatical
ʎ y b a	grammatical
ɟ e d a	grammatical
h i m e	grammatical
tʃ u z a	grammatical
b i r e	grammatical
dʒ e r a	grammatical
h o b e	grammatical
dʒ a v a	grammatical
s u n e	grammatical
s ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
ʒ o ɟ u	grammatical
m e s e	grammatical
ɟ e h e	grammatical
m ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
t y h e	grammatical
l e ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ i ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
p a v e	grammatical
b i ʎ e	grammatical
h u h u	grammatical
z y n e	grammatical
l e m e	grammatical
t ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
m a k e	grammatical
k y ɟ y	grammatical
ɡ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y s y	grammatical
ʃ ɯ b a	grammatical
dʒ y r e	grammatical
d u m u	grammatical
p ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
b ø t y	grammatical
tʃ e z i	grammatical
ʒ o p a	grammatical
p ɯ f e	grammatical
tʃ y ʒ a	grammatical
ʃ o tʃ u	grammatical
n u k a	grammatical
j y dʒ a	grammatical
r ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
s a b e	grammatical
r e ɟ a	grammatical
h e t i	grammatical
ʒ u tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ i ɟ a	grammatical
n a l a	grammatical
ʎ i m a	grammatical
ʃ e h a	grammatical
ʎ a p e	grammatical
ʎ ø d a	grammatical
l a v e	grammatical
j u b a	grammatical
n a r e	grammatical
j y f y	grammatical
j a s ɯ	grammatical
j o k a	grammatical
ɡ u b a	grammatical
m a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
l ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʃ o ʎ e	grammatical
v o ɡ e	grammatical
r e z a	grammatical
ɡ u dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ e j i	grammatical
d u j e	grammatical
ʃ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø b y	grammatical
h ø ʎ e	grammatical
b e z i	grammatical
l o z u	grammatical
s e tʃ a	grammatical
j ɯ n a	grammatical
v y v e	grammatical
tʃ a d e	grammatical
j a d a	grammatical
d o r e	grammatical
ɡ i s a	grammatical
h o f u	grammatical
v ɯ s e	grammatical
l u ʃ u	grammatical
z e b a	grammatical
dʒ y ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ y m a	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ a	grammatical
t ø l e	grammatical
m ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ o r u	grammatical
t i tʃ e	grammatical
t a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
m a f ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
f y z y	grammatical
m ɯ m e	grammatical
t o v u	grammatical
h e k i	grammatical
k ø h e	grammatical
ɟ e b e	grammatical
s a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
j e s i	grammatical
d ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
b u k u	grammatical
tʃ a v a	grammatical
dʒ e f i	grammatical
d i ɡ e	grammatical
z i d a	grammatical
p ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
h y b e	grammatical
m y f a	grammatical
tʃ e n e	grammatical
v y k a	grammatical
b o f u	grammatical
f i j e	grammatical
dʒ y ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
h y f a	grammatical
ʃ ø s y	grammatical
b u t u	grammatical
m i ɟ i	grammatical
n o r a	grammatical
s ø ʎ e	grammatical
l ø p a	grammatical
f e ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ ø ɡ y	grammatical
p e dʒ e	grammatical
h u tʃ a	grammatical
m a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ o h u	grammatical
k ø k e	grammatical
k ø s e	grammatical
dʒ y ɡ a	grammatical
v ø ɡ e	grammatical
r ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ u dʒ a	grammatical
m o dʒ u	grammatical
m o n e	grammatical
k e ʃ a	grammatical
z ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
r e k a	grammatical
ɡ o z a	grammatical
ɡ ø r a	grammatical
t o b u	grammatical
m y j e	grammatical
ɡ o tʃ u	grammatical
z ø n a	grammatical
t y ɟ a	grammatical
z e v a	grammatical
k i k i	grammatical
ʎ ø dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ j e	grammatical
ʒ y z a	grammatical
t ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o ʒ e	grammatical
h ø f y	grammatical
j ɯ d a	grammatical
r ɯ s a	grammatical
z y f y	grammatical
h a h e	grammatical
h y v y	grammatical
v ɯ s a	grammatical
z u ʒ u	grammatical
s y h e	grammatical
j i d e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ d a	grammatical
v ø tʃ a	grammatical
f e p a	grammatical
ʎ o j u	grammatical
k o ʎ e	grammatical
ʒ o dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ u	grammatical
h ø d a	grammatical
dʒ o ɟ u	grammatical
l e z e	grammatical
tʃ o l u	grammatical
z e ʃ a	grammatical
n u ʎ a	grammatical
l e ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ b e	grammatical
f ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e t e	grammatical
n ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a l e	grammatical
s o ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ e n e	grammatical
t e s e	grammatical
s e b i	grammatical
v e dʒ i	grammatical
ʎ o ɡ a	grammatical
n y ɟ y	grammatical
ʎ ø v a	grammatical
m o p u	grammatical
d y l e	grammatical
n o m e	grammatical
b ø dʒ y	grammatical
v e l e	grammatical
b e ʒ e	grammatical
f ø l y	grammatical
s ɯ l a	grammatical
b i b i	grammatical
dʒ u dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ ø m e	grammatical
m e z i	grammatical
f u n u	grammatical
d i d i	grammatical
n y tʃ a	grammatical
h o j e	grammatical
b e j a	grammatical
t e z i	grammatical
m e r a	grammatical
ʒ o n u	grammatical
s o ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
p o p e	grammatical
j ɯ v a	grammatical
r y ʃ a	grammatical
m o t e	grammatical
p a ʒ a	grammatical
l e n a	grammatical
dʒ o f e	grammatical
d o v u	grammatical
r y tʃ e	grammatical
j u p u	grammatical
j u ʒ u	grammatical
v a n a	grammatical
j ø ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ y	grammatical
v i n i	grammatical
p ø ʃ a	grammatical
j u b e	grammatical
d a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
h o n a	grammatical
h e v a	grammatical
z ø j e	grammatical
j e f i	grammatical
s e ʎ e	grammatical
d o s a	grammatical
dʒ ø f y	grammatical
s u ʒ u	grammatical
z o dʒ a	grammatical
s e ʒ e	grammatical
l i k e	grammatical
ʒ ø ʃ y	grammatical
t u p u	grammatical
v ɯ n a	grammatical
v o b u	grammatical
z a b ɯ	grammatical
p y dʒ y	grammatical
dʒ ø d a	grammatical
v e j a	grammatical
ʃ a r ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a ʃ e	grammatical
t u tʃ a	grammatical
j a l e	grammatical
ʃ o j e	grammatical
k i d e	grammatical
b a b ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
n y v y	grammatical
ɡ a t e	grammatical
d u f e	grammatical
p a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
m o n u	grammatical
p a dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a t e	grammatical
n i j a	grammatical
v o m a	grammatical
ʃ u ɟ e	grammatical
j i m a	grammatical
m a z e	grammatical
h e t a	grammatical
ɡ o b a	grammatical
ʃ y n y	grammatical
t e dʒ i	grammatical
ʃ a r a	grammatical
ɡ y v a	grammatical
k e p i	grammatical
v e dʒ a	grammatical
b i k a	grammatical
ʒ a ɟ e	grammatical
j ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
k y p y	grammatical
j i ʎ e	grammatical
b y v e	grammatical
ɟ i z e	grammatical
k u n a	grammatical
p e k e	grammatical
z e dʒ e	grammatical
n u dʒ e	grammatical
b a n a	grammatical
m i h a	grammatical
p a l a	grammatical
k y v e	grammatical
z ø ʃ a	grammatical
j i p e	grammatical
k a tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ y v e	grammatical
t i ʎ a	grammatical
m ø v y	grammatical
r e h a	grammatical
f ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y v a	grammatical
ʒ e b a	grammatical
k ø n a	grammatical
d u ʎ e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i b e	grammatical
ɡ o t u	grammatical
z a s ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i r a	grammatical
ʃ y k y	grammatical
h i k a	grammatical
h ɯ h a	grammatical
l a h ɯ	grammatical
m ø ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ u r e	grammatical
k u k u	grammatical
h u tʃ u	grammatical
t u ʒ u	grammatical
r ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ e b e	grammatical
h o ʒ u	grammatical
p e f a	grammatical
k e ʎ i	grammatical
l u ɡ u	grammatical
ʃ e h i	grammatical
n y t a	grammatical
b i r a	grammatical
dʒ ø ʒ a	grammatical
ʃ o z e	grammatical
p ø k e	grammatical
p ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ø l e	grammatical
l ø t y	grammatical
ɟ o h u	grammatical
t y f a	grammatical
s i m e	grammatical
m e h i	grammatical
ʒ u m u	grammatical
ʒ i ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ o l e	grammatical
f o s a	grammatical
dʒ ø ɟ a	grammatical
p a ʎ e	grammatical
v y tʃ a	grammatical
d u ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ p e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s e	grammatical
b o h u	grammatical
m y ɟ a	grammatical
l u ʎ u	grammatical
ɡ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
l o s e	grammatical
d ø ɟ y	grammatical
k y v a	grammatical
b ø tʃ e	grammatical
b o h e	grammatical
n i n e	grammatical
l u ʃ e	grammatical
t e l e	grammatical
ɡ u d a	grammatical
r y v a	grammatical
z i ɟ i	grammatical
l ø d y	grammatical
b ø z a	grammatical
dʒ o k a	grammatical
d i ɡ i	grammatical
h u ʃ a	grammatical
p y k a	grammatical
r i l e	grammatical
h a k e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ k e	grammatical
ʃ u j a	grammatical
f a ɡ e	grammatical
z e l e	grammatical
f y h e	grammatical
ʃ e f a	grammatical
l o v a	grammatical
ʒ u t a	grammatical
z a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø dʒ y	grammatical
t y dʒ a	grammatical
j y z y	grammatical
ɡ i b a	grammatical
t i k e	grammatical
p y ʒ y	grammatical
m i ʒ i	grammatical
h y ʎ e	grammatical
s ɯ j a	grammatical
tʃ u ɟ u	grammatical
ʒ i ʎ i	grammatical
ɡ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
h a dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ y tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ a l e	grammatical
d y dʒ a	grammatical
p u r e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ n a	grammatical
s u k a	grammatical
h e l e	grammatical
d ø ʎ e	grammatical
v ø v a	grammatical
tʃ i l i	grammatical
z y ɡ y	grammatical
p ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
r y n a	grammatical
s o tʃ u	grammatical
f o p a	grammatical
p a j ɯ	grammatical
k ɯ v e	grammatical
s ɯ k a	grammatical
ɟ o s e	grammatical
ʒ u k a	grammatical
n a n ɯ	grammatical
s a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
h i ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ a h e	grammatical
j o p a	grammatical
d a m e	grammatical
l i d a	grammatical
p e ɡ i	grammatical
v ø d y	grammatical
t a r ɯ	grammatical
d a f a	grammatical
tʃ e d a	grammatical
t y dʒ e	grammatical
d y ʎ y	grammatical
k u t e	grammatical
b u ʃ u	grammatical
l u r a	grammatical
ʒ i ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e ɟ e	grammatical
s a z a	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ a	grammatical
s o t a	grammatical
tʃ u j u	grammatical
l ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
n ɯ r a	grammatical
l y z e	grammatical
m a b a	grammatical
z a p ɯ	grammatical
k o v a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
z o b a	grammatical
j u k a	grammatical
m y ʒ y	grammatical
r e dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ y ʒ y	grammatical
t u ʒ e	grammatical
m y b y	grammatical
r y r y	grammatical
r i t e	grammatical
j u ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ u tʃ e	grammatical
l e ɡ e	grammatical
d u p e	grammatical
z e n a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ø f y	grammatical
s u z u	grammatical
f a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ o ʎ u	grammatical
t e tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ø n a	grammatical
m a l e	grammatical
dʒ i z a	grammatical
ʎ y k a	grammatical
p ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
m y l y	grammatical
ʎ u n a	grammatical
dʒ u ɟ u	grammatical
v ɯ v e	grammatical
k ø k y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ n e	grammatical
n e v a	grammatical
ʒ a r a	grammatical
n ɯ p e	grammatical
tʃ ø ɡ y	grammatical
z ø j y	grammatical
ʃ ø t a	grammatical
r o l e	grammatical
m o v e	grammatical
j y m e	grammatical
n i t i	grammatical
ɟ a n ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ m e	grammatical
k ɯ j e	grammatical
ʒ u d a	grammatical
h u p e	grammatical
b ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y p a	grammatical
ɡ ø tʃ a	grammatical
f o ɟ e	grammatical
v a d a	grammatical
b o ɡ e	grammatical
b e d e	grammatical
m i l e	grammatical
ɡ i l e	grammatical
n y b a	grammatical
ʃ e f e	grammatical
n i j e	grammatical
j ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a b e	grammatical
ʃ e p e	grammatical
tʃ i ʎ i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ r e	grammatical
ɟ u j a	grammatical
ʎ o s u	grammatical
r u n a	grammatical
p u dʒ e	grammatical
l ø ɟ y	grammatical
p o z a	grammatical
s o ɟ e	grammatical
f o ʃ a	grammatical
t a d ɯ	grammatical
m ø j y	grammatical
k i d a	grammatical
d ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
j y ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ u v e	grammatical
m a ɡ a	grammatical
b i ɟ a	grammatical
v ø ɟ y	grammatical
l ø j y	grammatical
k y j e	grammatical
p o tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ ø s e	grammatical
f i s a	grammatical
ʃ i h i	grammatical
ʃ y ʒ a	grammatical
z e v i	grammatical
p ɯ n a	grammatical
f a z e	grammatical
s o f e	grammatical
r y ʎ y	grammatical
ɟ i ɟ e	grammatical
h a tʃ e	grammatical
f o m a	grammatical
v i f a	grammatical
j ɯ f a	grammatical
r u v a	grammatical
ʎ u b e	grammatical
v ø ɟ a	grammatical
m a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i d e	grammatical
h ø tʃ e	grammatical
v ɯ z e	grammatical
t i f i	grammatical
b u k a	grammatical
t y z a	grammatical
h o s e	grammatical
ɟ o ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ ø ɟ y	grammatical
f ø dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ø j a	grammatical
f y ɟ y	grammatical
n ɯ d e	grammatical
t u f e	grammatical
k i r a	grammatical
ʒ a ɟ a	grammatical
m e b i	grammatical
ɡ y ʒ e	grammatical
d ø k y	grammatical
h e ʎ i	grammatical
ɟ u p u	grammatical
l u t u	grammatical
l i f e	grammatical
j o j a	grammatical
h u j u	grammatical
d ø tʃ y	grammatical
m u ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ a h ɯ	grammatical
j e r i	grammatical
d a s e	grammatical
ɟ u ʃ u	grammatical
ʃ i ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u ʎ a	grammatical
n ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
h u n e	grammatical
n o t e	grammatical
p y r e	grammatical
ʎ y ɟ a	grammatical
d u dʒ u	grammatical
b o m u	grammatical
p e dʒ a	grammatical
s o z a	grammatical
d e j e	grammatical
k o dʒ a	grammatical
j ø ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ y dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ i tʃ e	grammatical
m i z a	grammatical
f o d e	grammatical
m o t u	grammatical
ɡ u z u	grammatical
d i ɟ i	grammatical
z o p u	grammatical
tʃ a t a	grammatical
n y tʃ y	grammatical
r u z u	grammatical
r u dʒ a	grammatical
t ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
t y ɟ e	grammatical
r u tʃ a	grammatical
p a r e	grammatical
r e k i	grammatical
f ø k a	grammatical
ʒ u ʎ u	grammatical
l i b a	grammatical
h o ɡ e	grammatical
l ø ʎ a	grammatical
d ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
b i f i	grammatical
z i ʎ a	grammatical
l ø dʒ a	grammatical
j ø p a	grammatical
ɟ o dʒ a	grammatical
f i d a	grammatical
t ø ɟ e	grammatical
t a dʒ a	grammatical
f ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
k ø ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ y tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ i	grammatical
z u r u	grammatical
p i n i	grammatical
f ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʃ e ʒ e	grammatical
m e l i	grammatical
l i v i	grammatical
s e tʃ i	grammatical
r ø n a	grammatical
n e dʒ a	grammatical
s ø ɡ a	grammatical
v u n u	grammatical
p y ɡ y	grammatical
n o s u	grammatical
r a r e	grammatical
z ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ y r a	grammatical
ʒ ø dʒ y	grammatical
d i v i	grammatical
s i f i	grammatical
ʎ o ʎ a	grammatical
b u j e	grammatical
ɡ y r y	grammatical
z y ɟ e	grammatical
z a ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ t a	grammatical
s ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
z ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ e h i	grammatical
v y l a	grammatical
p y k y	grammatical
b u tʃ a	grammatical
f o f e	grammatical
ɡ u r u	grammatical
k a dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ ø f a	grammatical
dʒ y h e	grammatical
z ɯ b a	grammatical
k i ɡ a	grammatical
d ø t e	grammatical
h a v e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
r ø b e	grammatical
k ɯ n e	grammatical
t u t e	grammatical
b a z a	grammatical
dʒ o ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ u t a	grammatical
f e ʃ i	grammatical
h e p e	grammatical
ɟ y b a	grammatical
j o dʒ a	grammatical
k a n a	grammatical
k ø n y	grammatical
p e t i	grammatical
ʒ o dʒ u	grammatical
r y ɟ y	grammatical
ʒ i ʃ i	grammatical
h u h e	grammatical
p o s u	grammatical
d i ɡ a	grammatical
l o d e	grammatical
j ɯ d e	grammatical
ɟ i ʃ i	grammatical
m u ɟ e	grammatical
k o k u	grammatical
b a t a	grammatical
ʒ y s y	grammatical
ʃ ɯ j a	grammatical
n ø l y	grammatical
ɡ i ɟ i	grammatical
k ɯ h a	grammatical
tʃ y ʎ a	grammatical
s a k e	grammatical
b ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
p e p i	grammatical
v o tʃ u	grammatical
j ø t e	grammatical
l y k e	grammatical
ɡ y ɡ y	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ v e	grammatical
k a b a	grammatical
h o f e	grammatical
ʃ e t i	grammatical
d u ʃ a	grammatical
h a p a	grammatical
v a ʎ a	grammatical
n ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ u p u	grammatical
h o k u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
m i p e	grammatical
j a ɡ e	grammatical
l ø j e	grammatical
t i s i	grammatical
n ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
m e ʎ i	grammatical
m e v a	grammatical
m u n a	grammatical
l ø ʒ y	grammatical
ɟ a f ɯ	grammatical
v e ʃ e	grammatical
f y l e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
r y j y	grammatical
dʒ o t e	grammatical
ʃ o v a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ j a	grammatical
v a l e	grammatical
l y tʃ e	grammatical
s u ʃ u	grammatical
ʒ u l u	grammatical
tʃ e ɡ i	grammatical
b u ʎ u	grammatical
k u ɟ e	grammatical
k a s a	grammatical
s u f u	grammatical
r i ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ e k a	grammatical
p u v u	grammatical
ʃ ø k e	grammatical
m e ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ e l e	grammatical
d i ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ ø tʃ e	grammatical
n a r a	grammatical
f ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
p ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø h a	grammatical
m e ʒ e	grammatical
t a p ɯ	grammatical
n u j e	grammatical
t ø j a	grammatical
p ø v e	grammatical
dʒ i p i	grammatical
ʒ u n e	grammatical
d i ʃ a	grammatical
d a dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ ø d a	grammatical
ʃ e s e	grammatical
ʒ ø ɡ a	grammatical
k u b a	grammatical
s ø v a	grammatical
j e h e	grammatical
ɡ o dʒ u	grammatical
t u t u	grammatical
f o v e	grammatical
tʃ y r y	grammatical
s i l e	grammatical
j a n ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o v e	grammatical
ʃ ø n e	grammatical
ʎ e d i	grammatical
s i tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ o t a	grammatical
ʎ y n y	grammatical
t i v a	grammatical
r o dʒ e	grammatical
h y b a	grammatical
b i z i	grammatical
ɟ ø p a	grammatical
dʒ y n a	grammatical
v o p a	grammatical
n ɯ d a	grammatical
b u v a	grammatical
ɡ a z ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e d e	grammatical
ɟ o k a	grammatical
dʒ i ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u tʃ a	grammatical
s ø n a	grammatical
dʒ u v u	grammatical
ɟ i s i	grammatical
d a k a	grammatical
s y dʒ e	grammatical
ɡ ø f e	grammatical
ʎ i ʎ a	grammatical
v e t a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
k y ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ u t e	grammatical
s e j a	grammatical
r a p ɯ	grammatical
p i b i	grammatical
k e b a	grammatical
z y tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y v y	grammatical
r y v y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
n u ʃ e	grammatical
n o b a	grammatical
z ɯ k a	grammatical
n ø b a	grammatical
t u h a	grammatical
dʒ ø b a	grammatical
ʒ ø j e	grammatical
ʃ y t y	grammatical
p ø h e	grammatical
z i v i	grammatical
t a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
m i ʒ a	grammatical
h i j a	grammatical
p i n a	grammatical
p i m i	grammatical
z y s e	grammatical
n a ɟ a	grammatical
r i ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ o n u	grammatical
v y r a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ f e	grammatical
t u ɟ a	grammatical
z a t a	grammatical
t y ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ a k e	grammatical
ɡ y j e	grammatical
m ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
h ø ʎ y	grammatical
b ɯ m a	grammatical
n y l a	grammatical
d ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø r a	grammatical
n o s e	grammatical
t ø h e	grammatical
dʒ o p e	grammatical
v ø j a	grammatical
h e d i	grammatical
p ø tʃ y	grammatical
ʎ a f ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ k e	grammatical
s i ʎ i	grammatical
b o m a	grammatical
z y l e	grammatical
m y b e	grammatical
tʃ o v u	grammatical
k e k e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø j e	grammatical
ʎ u k u	grammatical
n i f e	grammatical
z e ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ u d u	grammatical
h e p a	grammatical
ɡ e tʃ a	grammatical
m a dʒ a	grammatical
z ɯ f a	grammatical
t e f e	grammatical
v ø d a	grammatical
ɡ u r e	grammatical
ʎ u z e	grammatical
n o d e	grammatical
m y n y	grammatical
ɟ e m a	grammatical
dʒ a p e	grammatical
ʒ ø ɟ a	grammatical
k i b a	grammatical
l ɯ k a	grammatical
tʃ ø tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ o t a	grammatical
r ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
ɟ e ɟ i	grammatical
ɟ ø j e	grammatical
z y v a	grammatical
z e d a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
r ø dʒ y	grammatical
ɡ ø p y	grammatical
m y ɡ y	grammatical
r e v a	grammatical
l y l y	grammatical
ɡ y m y	grammatical
ɟ o z u	grammatical
v u ɟ u	grammatical
k e v a	grammatical
ɡ a dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ e ʃ a	grammatical
t a d a	grammatical
h e ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ y d y	grammatical
j y n y	grammatical
ɟ i v e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ r a	grammatical
ʎ i ɟ i	grammatical
z ø z a	grammatical
n y k y	grammatical
l y ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ a ɟ a	grammatical
f e k e	grammatical
d a d e	grammatical
ʎ a l e	grammatical
ɟ e b a	grammatical
j a h a	grammatical
dʒ u f e	grammatical
ʒ u b a	grammatical
r a ɡ a	grammatical
t a d e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ z a	grammatical
ʎ y h e	grammatical
ʒ y z e	grammatical
t ø p e	grammatical
n e s i	grammatical
z ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ ø z a	grammatical
t i t a	grammatical
v ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ a d a	grammatical
f u m a	grammatical
l u r u	grammatical
s ø h y	grammatical
ɟ e s e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
n e r a	grammatical
h a r e	grammatical
p i ʃ a	grammatical
h u m a	grammatical
v a s ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u r u	grammatical
ʃ e m i	grammatical
d ø p y	grammatical
ʃ a d e	grammatical
ɡ u v e	grammatical
ʃ a ʎ a	grammatical
t ɯ l e	grammatical
ɡ u f u	grammatical
v i ʒ i	grammatical
tʃ y n a	grammatical
d i z e	grammatical
b i p i	grammatical
ʒ ø tʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e m i	grammatical
f e t e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ f e	grammatical
r ø b a	grammatical
b ɯ j a	grammatical
t e ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ v e	grammatical
r o r a	grammatical
j e l a	grammatical
f i k i	grammatical
m o d u	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ a	grammatical
d u dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ i h a	grammatical
n u j u	grammatical
r e j i	grammatical
b o dʒ u	grammatical
t e ʒ a	grammatical
p o t u	grammatical
d ø ʒ a	grammatical
r ø f e	grammatical
s i t i	grammatical
k o tʃ u	grammatical
ɡ ø t y	grammatical
s o b a	grammatical
ʃ i ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ e p e	grammatical
ɡ a p a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
r u v e	grammatical
ɟ e f i	grammatical
f e ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ a p a	grammatical
f a t e	grammatical
r i h e	grammatical
tʃ i n i	grammatical
l i s e	grammatical
p u z u	grammatical
d e h e	grammatical
k ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
z y b a	grammatical
l u ʒ u	grammatical
t o r e	grammatical
ʃ ø b a	grammatical
r i ʎ a	grammatical
b y tʃ y	grammatical
z ø ʒ a	grammatical
m u ɡ u	grammatical
p ø dʒ y	grammatical
ɟ u v u	grammatical
h ø h y	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
z i tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ø z a	grammatical
s ø dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ u h e	grammatical
r i j i	grammatical
r y j a	grammatical
m ø dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ u l a	grammatical
t i l e	grammatical
d y ʃ e	grammatical
k a tʃ e	grammatical
b ø b y	grammatical
n o ʎ a	grammatical
v a t e	grammatical
t y v y	grammatical
v ø j e	grammatical
ʃ u f u	grammatical
h e f a	grammatical
ʒ o ʃ a	grammatical
m i j e	grammatical
j o h e	grammatical
f a m a	grammatical
v i l i	grammatical
z u k u	grammatical
dʒ ɯ k a	grammatical
m u k u	grammatical
d a r e	grammatical
z a s e	grammatical
b i ɟ i	grammatical
ʎ o t u	grammatical
dʒ i s e	grammatical
j u d e	grammatical
ɟ ø ɟ y	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ a	grammatical
v ɯ h e	grammatical
t y k a	grammatical
ʎ y r y	grammatical
ʒ y r y	grammatical
s y l e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a z a	grammatical
m u j u	grammatical
d i k a	grammatical
z i ɡ e	grammatical
tʃ a s ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
t ø f e	grammatical
h ø ʃ a	grammatical
d u r e	grammatical
ʎ i v e	grammatical
m y z a	grammatical
p ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
s a j e	grammatical
t ɯ z a	grammatical
ɡ i dʒ a	grammatical
n ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ y dʒ y	grammatical
ʎ o s a	grammatical
n ø z a	grammatical
ɡ i n e	grammatical
n ɯ k e	grammatical
d ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
b i d e	grammatical
f u dʒ u	grammatical
s ɯ n a	grammatical
m ø ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
b i tʃ i	grammatical
j ø m a	grammatical
ʎ y ɟ y	grammatical
ʒ i j e	grammatical
ʎ ø n y	grammatical
v e tʃ a	grammatical
k ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y l e	grammatical
tʃ u l a	grammatical
dʒ e z a	grammatical
ʎ a n e	grammatical
tʃ ø ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ h a	grammatical
r ø r y	grammatical
p e z a	grammatical
b i h a	grammatical
r o h u	grammatical
r y ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ t e	grammatical
dʒ e b a	grammatical
b ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
p e p e	grammatical
n ø v y	grammatical
l e s a	grammatical
v u d e	grammatical
dʒ ø s y	grammatical
dʒ o m e	grammatical
h ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø m y	grammatical
m a ʒ a	grammatical
p a ʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ l e	grammatical
ɟ e z a	grammatical
k ø l y	grammatical
v a tʃ a	grammatical
z e b i	grammatical
dʒ a v e	grammatical
t i d e	grammatical
t y r a	grammatical
ʃ a d ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y m e	grammatical
f a f e	grammatical
f ɯ j e	grammatical
ɟ u p e	grammatical
m i f e	grammatical
h a m e	grammatical
ɟ u f a	grammatical
r u v u	grammatical
k e s e	grammatical
h a s e	grammatical
s u v u	grammatical
ɟ i k a	grammatical
ʒ a b a	grammatical
ʎ e s i	grammatical
t i n i	grammatical
ʒ y ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ a t ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i z e	grammatical
s a b a	grammatical
h ø b y	grammatical
k y b e	grammatical
f a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
j y m y	grammatical
j a f e	grammatical
p e m i	grammatical
t i h e	grammatical
s i z a	grammatical
j a f ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ f e	grammatical
z a tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ø ʒ y	grammatical
m e k e	grammatical
s ø l e	grammatical
s a l a	grammatical
f i h i	grammatical
ʎ i l i	grammatical
l ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
p e s i	grammatical
k o z u	grammatical
h i d a	grammatical
j ø dʒ a	grammatical
z i h e	grammatical
ʃ a l e	grammatical
tʃ a ɟ e	grammatical
h o p u	grammatical
ɡ e dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
b a ɟ e	grammatical
f e dʒ i	grammatical
p o h a	grammatical
ʒ a v e	grammatical
r ø ɡ y	grammatical
z a n a	grammatical
j y l y	grammatical
h u d a	grammatical
z y p y	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
j y ʎ y	grammatical
s y b e	grammatical
tʃ ø l y	grammatical
r ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
m e z a	grammatical
p ø d e	grammatical
b o ʒ a	grammatical
r o n a	grammatical
ʃ a t e	grammatical
m u ɡ a	grammatical
s e k a	grammatical
j ɯ r a	grammatical
l e dʒ i	grammatical
t a z a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ m a	grammatical
tʃ e h i	grammatical
p o h u	grammatical
n u ʒ u	grammatical
tʃ i ʃ a	grammatical
r a k a	grammatical
ɡ ø h a	grammatical
b i n i	grammatical
z a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
s i b e	grammatical
n ø h y	grammatical
b y ʃ y	grammatical
ʃ o ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ h e	grammatical
ʃ y j a	grammatical
ʃ u p a	grammatical
ɡ u m e	grammatical
d e n a	grammatical
ʒ a n e	grammatical
ɟ e p e	grammatical
h y h y	grammatical
d ø n a	grammatical
ɟ i dʒ a	grammatical
n a b e	grammatical
dʒ u r a	grammatical
v ø b a	grammatical
h y n e	grammatical
m y n a	grammatical
v a ɡ e	grammatical
f ø d e	grammatical
r o f e	grammatical
r ɯ h e	grammatical
s ø r a	grammatical
ɡ o ɟ u	grammatical
dʒ u d u	grammatical
j y dʒ y	grammatical
tʃ o v a	grammatical
t u dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ a f a	grammatical
dʒ i h i	grammatical
r y r e	grammatical
s ø ʃ e	grammatical
r ø l y	grammatical
d ø d e	grammatical
ʎ ø f a	grammatical
ɡ a n e	grammatical
h u v e	grammatical
f y z e	grammatical
ʎ a k a	grammatical
v y j e	grammatical
j ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u s a	grammatical
s e t i	grammatical
k i dʒ a	grammatical
j ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
b i ʒ a	grammatical
d e l i	grammatical
ʒ a l a	grammatical
l ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
d u s e	grammatical
d ø ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ a p ɯ	grammatical
m i ʎ i	grammatical
v y k y	grammatical
l ø s a	grammatical
l i n e	grammatical
ʃ ø dʒ y	grammatical
z e ɡ i	grammatical
d i b e	grammatical
p ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e t a	grammatical
k y tʃ e	grammatical
l ø m e	grammatical
ʃ i j e	grammatical
l u b a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
n u ʃ u	grammatical
b y tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u ɡ a	grammatical
p ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ o ʒ e	grammatical
r y dʒ y	grammatical
n y v e	grammatical
f ø ɟ y	grammatical
ʃ ø ɡ a	grammatical
f u j a	grammatical
j ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ o l a	grammatical
p e n e	grammatical
k y j y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o f e	grammatical
z a z ɯ	grammatical
r ɯ j e	grammatical
m u k a	grammatical
tʃ u d e	grammatical
d y d a	grammatical
r e tʃ e	grammatical
j e p i	grammatical
z a z e	grammatical
tʃ a n e	grammatical
dʒ u tʃ a	grammatical
f ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
j y p e	grammatical
v e k e	grammatical
dʒ i h e	grammatical
j ø f y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
p ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
k ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
n a f a	grammatical
z y d e	grammatical
v ø l y	grammatical
k i j e	grammatical
s ɯ v a	grammatical
b ø s y	grammatical
m y ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ i b a	grammatical
b e tʃ a	grammatical
t y k e	grammatical
ʃ i ɡ i	grammatical
m u r a	grammatical
ʃ e s i	grammatical
h o ʃ a	grammatical
s ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
m i j i	grammatical
m ø n e	grammatical
m ø r a	grammatical
l y n e	grammatical
z u ʃ u	grammatical
r i b i	grammatical
n o k a	grammatical
b a tʃ e	grammatical
t a ʃ e	grammatical
h o l e	grammatical
f y s y	grammatical
v ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
m ø p e	grammatical
h y r y	grammatical
k i dʒ e	grammatical
p u z e	grammatical
ɡ o tʃ a	grammatical
r y ʒ e	grammatical
t ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
p a f e	grammatical
t i h i	grammatical
tʃ o ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ i ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ j e	grammatical
tʃ e j i	grammatical
h ø z e	grammatical
ɡ i h i	grammatical
j o tʃ u	grammatical
t ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
v a dʒ a	grammatical
d u t e	grammatical
r i v i	grammatical
k i l i	grammatical
ʒ a l e	grammatical
h ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
p e tʃ a	grammatical
t ø j e	grammatical
m ɯ v e	grammatical
v o j e	grammatical
t ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
j y t a	grammatical
r y p a	grammatical
l o l e	grammatical
t u b u	grammatical
ʒ a r ɯ	grammatical
v y z e	grammatical
k i v i	grammatical
d y ʃ y	grammatical
m a f a	grammatical
ɡ y ʃ e	grammatical
h y s y	grammatical
h u b e	grammatical
r y ʃ e	grammatical
p a r a	grammatical
ʒ u n a	grammatical
l u s e	grammatical
v o v u	grammatical
ɡ u v u	grammatical
b e p e	grammatical
f a z ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e t i	grammatical
k ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
t u s u	grammatical
n ø dʒ e	grammatical
h i r a	grammatical
j ɯ h a	grammatical
d y ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ u ʃ e	grammatical
k ø ʒ a	grammatical
z a k a	grammatical
z ø m a	grammatical
ʒ e ʃ i	grammatical
ɟ i ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ ø t y	grammatical
dʒ ø h e	grammatical
n o s a	grammatical
f o p u	grammatical
j ø r y	grammatical
p ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
d a v a	grammatical
h ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
d o ʎ u	grammatical
ɡ y t e	grammatical
v a p ɯ	grammatical
k u j a	grammatical
n y f y	grammatical
h e f e	grammatical
ɟ i ʃ e	grammatical
s ø ʃ y	grammatical
ɡ u ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ p a	grammatical
ʒ a ʒ e	grammatical
m o m e	grammatical
l ø ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ h a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
z i p a	grammatical
l y ʃ e	grammatical
v y l y	grammatical
dʒ u j u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ t e	grammatical
z u ɟ e	grammatical
m o ʎ u	grammatical
p ø ɟ e	grammatical
n ø f e	grammatical
ʃ y m a	grammatical
k e t a	grammatical
ɡ o n a	grammatical
dʒ y ɟ e	grammatical
r u p a	grammatical
ʒ o v u	grammatical
ɡ i f e	grammatical
tʃ e m e	grammatical
ɟ e ɡ a	grammatical
v e f e	grammatical
ʃ u tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ ø z y	grammatical
tʃ e m i	grammatical
r o p e	grammatical
dʒ a tʃ a	grammatical
ʒ y h a	grammatical
n ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y k e	grammatical
f u tʃ e	grammatical
f y n e	grammatical
r i b a	grammatical
p e b a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ z a	grammatical
j e f e	grammatical
m u tʃ u	grammatical
l i ɡ e	grammatical
z e v e	grammatical
v a l a	grammatical
n o tʃ e	grammatical
s y m e	grammatical
n ø m y	grammatical
r i n a	grammatical
b ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
d y k y	grammatical
r ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʃ o d e	grammatical
l u ʎ e	grammatical
k a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
j o r e	grammatical
j a b a	grammatical
ʒ ø v a	grammatical
l y ʒ e	grammatical
r y m y	grammatical
s ø dʒ y	grammatical
s u t a	grammatical
j e t e	grammatical
n e l a	grammatical
z a d e	grammatical
r a tʃ e	grammatical
z u r a	grammatical
m ø z y	grammatical
ɟ a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
j a ʃ e	grammatical
m y d y	grammatical
ʒ y f a	grammatical
ʃ u d a	grammatical
h ø z y	grammatical
s y ʃ y	grammatical
ɡ u ɟ a	grammatical
v y s y	grammatical
k ɯ s e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ z e	grammatical
j u k e	grammatical
d ɯ m e	grammatical
ɟ ø m a	grammatical
z o s u	grammatical
k ɯ j a	grammatical
d o l a	grammatical
h ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
z e h i	grammatical
d ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
h e j a	grammatical
v u z a	grammatical
f o tʃ e	grammatical
h i h i	grammatical
ʒ y t y	grammatical
k ø ɡ a	grammatical
n a ʎ e	grammatical
h u ɟ a	grammatical
k u f e	grammatical
p ɯ z e	grammatical
dʒ o k u	grammatical
b e d a	grammatical
n o p u	grammatical
dʒ e k i	grammatical
ʒ o t u	grammatical
t ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
p u ɟ u	grammatical
t o v a	grammatical
dʒ y p e	grammatical
n ɯ v e	grammatical
ʃ e k e	grammatical
z y ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ ø f e	grammatical
d ø ɡ y	grammatical
h a m ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o h u	grammatical
b a r e	grammatical
f ø v e	grammatical
v ɯ m a	grammatical
j u k u	grammatical
dʒ ø ɡ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ e k e	grammatical
s o f u	grammatical
dʒ a k e	grammatical
k u dʒ a	grammatical
z ø h y	grammatical
n a tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ ø p a	grammatical
tʃ y v y	grammatical
f u k a	grammatical
ʃ a v ɯ	grammatical
l y j a	grammatical
j u v e	grammatical
z e n i	grammatical
j ɯ m a	grammatical
l y n y	grammatical
j u t e	grammatical
t ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
t ø p a	grammatical
d e v i	grammatical
n ø j e	grammatical
n e m i	grammatical
h ø j a	grammatical
d e b i	grammatical
ʎ a h e	grammatical
v ɯ r a	grammatical
p u dʒ a	grammatical
p u f a	grammatical
ʒ y ʃ a	grammatical
b e ɡ e	grammatical
r o m e	grammatical
z a ʃ a	grammatical
k y dʒ a	grammatical
l ɯ b a	grammatical
ɟ i b e	grammatical
h a k ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y b y	grammatical
l o d u	grammatical
r e ʃ e	grammatical
l e f e	grammatical
n u dʒ a	grammatical
r o j e	grammatical
p ø tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ i k e	grammatical
z e ɡ e	grammatical
p ø ʃ y	grammatical
v ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
h o t u	grammatical
tʃ i h a	grammatical
m ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
n i n i	grammatical
v ø ʎ e	grammatical
d i j e	grammatical
l o ɟ a	grammatical
ʎ e k i	grammatical
m i d a	grammatical
ʎ o m e	grammatical
ɡ u k u	grammatical
ʎ u ʎ u	grammatical
dʒ o n u	grammatical
m y f y	grammatical
s u b a	grammatical
ʒ a d ɯ	grammatical
p e s a	grammatical
n e d a	grammatical
f ø k e	grammatical
tʃ ø tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ u t u	grammatical
ʎ e z i	grammatical
k ɯ p a	grammatical
tʃ y z e	grammatical
s u z e	grammatical
v ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
t y ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ u s a	grammatical
k e l a	grammatical
v u p u	grammatical
ɟ y ʎ y	grammatical
z ø z y	grammatical
tʃ a z a	grammatical
j y m a	grammatical
f u ɡ u	grammatical
j ø ʎ y	grammatical
ɟ e h a	grammatical
b e ʎ e	grammatical
ʒ i m i	grammatical
r y s a	grammatical
z ø n y	grammatical
ɡ e h i	grammatical
m i ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ y z e	grammatical
t a t e	grammatical
v o ʒ u	grammatical
f a n a	grammatical
h y dʒ a	grammatical
j o dʒ u	grammatical
p e ʎ a	grammatical
l ø tʃ y	grammatical
ɟ y h a	grammatical
n u ʒ e	grammatical
d o ʃ a	grammatical
f ɯ f e	grammatical
m a n ɯ	grammatical
s ø j e	grammatical
m a r e	grammatical
s o ɟ a	grammatical
z a f ɯ	grammatical
ɡ u p u	grammatical
j u j u	grammatical
l u j a	grammatical
ɡ ø k e	grammatical
ɡ u l u	grammatical
ʃ u b a	grammatical
ɡ o k e	grammatical
s e ɡ a	grammatical
j a j e	grammatical
v u r e	grammatical
ʃ e tʃ i	grammatical
ʎ i ʎ i	grammatical
d u ʃ u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ s a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ j a	grammatical
m e l a	grammatical
dʒ u z a	grammatical
t ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
k i ɟ i	grammatical
s e j e	grammatical
ʃ o n u	grammatical
l ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i ʃ i	grammatical
b ɯ d a	grammatical
s ø k e	grammatical
ʃ a b e	grammatical
ɟ y z y	grammatical
j a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e j i	grammatical
j u f u	grammatical
f u s a	grammatical
ʎ e h e	grammatical
m a ʃ a	grammatical
k i f i	grammatical
tʃ y k y	grammatical
j u dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ e dʒ i	grammatical
b y t a	grammatical
j e r e	grammatical
dʒ i ɟ e	grammatical
k i ʃ i	grammatical
ɟ e ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ e tʃ i	grammatical
ʒ i v i	grammatical
v a d ɯ	grammatical
f a p ɯ	grammatical
f u l e	grammatical
l a s ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
l i d e	grammatical
h e ɟ i	grammatical
v o p e	grammatical
s u ɡ u	grammatical
z ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ o ɡ e	grammatical
tʃ u v a	grammatical
b y t e	grammatical
ʒ a r e	grammatical
f u z e	grammatical
h ɯ f a	grammatical
dʒ i ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ i k i	grammatical
ɟ u d e	grammatical
ʃ ø p a	grammatical
t u ɡ e	grammatical
b u ɟ u	grammatical
l e l e	grammatical
t ø tʃ e	grammatical
s y ʃ e	grammatical
k i ʎ e	grammatical
s u dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ a k a	grammatical
b y dʒ y	grammatical
s ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
f y h a	grammatical
ʎ e tʃ a	grammatical
ʎ ø k e	grammatical
ʒ e ɡ i	grammatical
k ø d e	grammatical
d y b a	grammatical
s o f a	grammatical
j e v i	grammatical
dʒ ɯ b a	grammatical
z ɯ v e	grammatical
ʒ ø dʒ a	grammatical
z o ʒ e	grammatical
f y j a	grammatical
j ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
z i b i	grammatical
m o j e	grammatical
z u ʎ u	grammatical
f ø ʎ y	grammatical
z a d a	grammatical
p i h e	grammatical
j u ʃ a	grammatical
k ɯ p e	grammatical
v ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ y p e	grammatical
v o l a	grammatical
b o m e	grammatical
h o ʎ a	grammatical
z o j a	grammatical
r ø ʃ y	grammatical
k u h u	grammatical
f u ʃ u	grammatical
s ø h a	grammatical
s ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ i n e	grammatical
t ø z e	grammatical
s u j e	grammatical
j y p a	grammatical
t ø s a	grammatical
tʃ e n a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ v a	grammatical
b i ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u b a	grammatical
ɡ o s e	grammatical
ʃ o l a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ l e	grammatical
d ø t a	grammatical
n a ɡ e	grammatical
b i ʎ a	grammatical
s u d u	grammatical
k o p a	grammatical
r ɯ f a	grammatical
t ø p y	grammatical
n o k e	grammatical
ʒ u b e	grammatical
m a ɟ e	grammatical
z e ʎ e	grammatical
m ø ɟ a	grammatical
p a ɟ a	grammatical
r ø ɡ e	grammatical
m ø ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ a d ɯ	grammatical
m a h e	grammatical
r u ɡ e	grammatical
s a tʃ a	grammatical
k o l u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ z e	grammatical
z a r ɯ	grammatical
z u s u	grammatical
h i l i	grammatical
k ɯ z a	grammatical
m ø v a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ z e	grammatical
m ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
v a m a	grammatical
k ɯ n a	grammatical
d e ʎ e	grammatical
k y s e	grammatical
j y ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ i r e	grammatical
ʃ e d i	grammatical
d y ʒ y	grammatical
b o j e	grammatical
n ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e v i	grammatical
r ø ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ a d a	grammatical
r a z a	grammatical
tʃ u r a	grammatical
n a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y b y	grammatical
v e r i	grammatical
k o p u	grammatical
s a j ɯ	grammatical
h ø p e	grammatical
b o p e	grammatical
s y dʒ y	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ i	grammatical
r i m e	grammatical
b ø j y	grammatical
f o b u	grammatical
r u h u	grammatical
f o s u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ y n e	grammatical
ʒ e b e	grammatical
n i h a	grammatical
tʃ o h a	grammatical
ʒ e ʃ e	grammatical
b i ʎ i	grammatical
t a p a	grammatical
d a d a	grammatical
n ø z y	grammatical
n a k ɯ	grammatical
b o ʎ u	grammatical
z i ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ u b e	grammatical
b a l a	grammatical
h u ʎ e	grammatical
n a m ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a t e	grammatical
ʎ a d ɯ	grammatical
j o d u	grammatical
ʎ i ʃ e	grammatical
j o ʒ a	grammatical
k e k a	grammatical
m o ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ i k e	grammatical
j o z e	grammatical
z o h u	grammatical
tʃ o ʃ e	grammatical
s a t e	grammatical
h o s a	grammatical
l e h a	grammatical
s e ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ o ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ e p a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ b e	grammatical
t o r u	grammatical
j ø j y	grammatical
s i n e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
j i j e	grammatical
ɡ o d u	grammatical
tʃ e b a	grammatical
t y z y	grammatical
m u b u	grammatical
z ɯ s a	grammatical
f i z a	grammatical
f o tʃ u	grammatical
d o v e	grammatical
tʃ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ e tʃ e	grammatical
j i n e	grammatical
s ø ʎ y	grammatical
d o dʒ u	grammatical
ʃ e l e	grammatical
s u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u d a	grammatical
ʒ a tʃ a	grammatical
k y s a	grammatical
z o b u	grammatical
s i s a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y ɟ y	grammatical
s ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ e r e	grammatical
r ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a f a	grammatical
dʒ ø b y	grammatical
ɡ i s i	grammatical
p y ɟ e	grammatical
f ɯ r e	grammatical
k ɯ t a	grammatical
ɟ i ʎ e	grammatical
n e ʃ i	grammatical
f i n e	grammatical
p i k i	grammatical
j o k u	grammatical
d i h a	grammatical
ɟ y s a	grammatical
l a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i r i	grammatical
n u r a	grammatical
z ø z e	grammatical
n e b i	grammatical
ʎ o r e	grammatical
ɡ u k e	grammatical
dʒ y f e	grammatical
z ø ɟ a	grammatical
b ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
t e ʃ a	grammatical
r u tʃ u	grammatical
d ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y k a	grammatical
f u ʒ a	grammatical
m ø ʎ y	grammatical
ɡ e p e	grammatical
ɡ u h a	grammatical
t u n a	grammatical
d a ʒ a	grammatical
t ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
f u v u	grammatical
b e ʃ e	grammatical
v y l e	grammatical
k a f e	grammatical
ɟ i n a	grammatical
s a v ɯ	grammatical
h o h e	grammatical
b a h ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø z e	grammatical
m a l ɯ	grammatical
j ø l a	grammatical
d e ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ ø ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ e s e	grammatical
k ɯ d a	grammatical
v a t ɯ	grammatical
d a v ɯ	grammatical
l i p a	grammatical
f a h a	grammatical
f ɯ k a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
t a l a	grammatical
m o h e	grammatical
m e ɡ a	grammatical
h ø ɟ y	grammatical
ʎ a dʒ e	grammatical
m ɯ j e	grammatical
r e ʎ i	grammatical
p ø s a	grammatical
h y h a	grammatical
ɟ y ʒ a	grammatical
n e v i	grammatical
m i ɡ i	grammatical
f a v e	grammatical
h u r a	grammatical
k i p e	grammatical
m i dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ e ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ a f a	grammatical
dʒ i tʃ i	grammatical
ʒ ø ɟ y	grammatical
ʎ i ʎ e	grammatical
t ɯ s a	grammatical
r y ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ o h a	grammatical
ʒ o s a	grammatical
j y z a	grammatical
ʃ ø l e	grammatical
p o t e	grammatical
z i d e	grammatical
b o b e	grammatical
r a ɡ e	grammatical
n u f a	grammatical
k o b a	grammatical
z o p a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ f e	grammatical
tʃ y ɡ e	grammatical
b ø tʃ y	grammatical
r i f a	grammatical
j y ɡ y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
n i r e	grammatical
t i p i	grammatical
k u j e	grammatical
t u ɟ u	grammatical
l ɯ h e	grammatical
r o tʃ e	grammatical
b e d i	grammatical
s e d i	grammatical
b a p e	grammatical
n ø r e	grammatical
k u tʃ u	grammatical
l e b a	grammatical
v i n a	grammatical
k u s a	grammatical
f ø s y	grammatical
ʒ e tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ ø t a	grammatical
ɡ o ʃ e	grammatical
p ɯ m a	grammatical
z u z e	grammatical
m ø l a	grammatical
p ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
r o j a	grammatical
m e l e	grammatical
m i t a	grammatical
n ɯ f a	grammatical
dʒ a h ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ l e	grammatical
n e k i	grammatical
ʃ a t ɯ	grammatical
d u j a	grammatical
ʎ ø l e	grammatical
d e dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ i r a	grammatical
ʃ i ɟ i	grammatical
f ɯ v e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
z u ʒ a	grammatical
m o f u	grammatical
tʃ o ʎ u	grammatical
l o n e	grammatical
k ø l a	grammatical
s e r e	grammatical
p ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ø m e	grammatical
b i dʒ i	grammatical
b y j y	grammatical
f y d a	grammatical
n u ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ a v e	grammatical
k a r ɯ	grammatical
j o p u	grammatical
h ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
k o t e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ f e	grammatical
t e n e	grammatical
m a r ɯ	grammatical
b o k e	grammatical
k e f e	grammatical
v u ɡ a	grammatical
d y h e	grammatical
ʎ i ɡ a	grammatical
r y b a	grammatical
d e r i	grammatical
v ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e b i	grammatical
tʃ e b i	grammatical
ʃ e v a	grammatical
j u ɡ e	grammatical
b ɯ s e	grammatical
k i p i	grammatical
ʒ a j e	grammatical
j i s i	grammatical
v i tʃ e	grammatical
dʒ o n e	grammatical
v ø ɡ a	grammatical
v y d a	grammatical
b y ʎ e	grammatical
p e v e	grammatical
p i r i	grammatical
m ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ a t ɯ	grammatical
f e j e	grammatical
k o d e	grammatical
n ø l a	grammatical
n o v u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ r e	grammatical
ʃ u ʎ e	grammatical
k u b e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ e	grammatical
d e tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
s i ɟ i	grammatical
ɡ e ʃ a	grammatical
j i k e	grammatical
d e t a	grammatical
v ø m y	grammatical
z ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i f a	grammatical
ɡ o s a	grammatical
ɟ i t e	grammatical
d a p e	grammatical
t ø l a	grammatical
ʎ a s ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e t e	grammatical
n u dʒ u	grammatical
ʃ u n a	grammatical
ʎ y l y	grammatical
z a h ɯ	grammatical
h e s e	grammatical
ʃ e r a	grammatical
ʎ a r a	grammatical
h ø ʒ a	grammatical
b e dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ ø d a	grammatical
b a z e	grammatical
h ø p y	grammatical
m o ʒ u	grammatical
l ɯ m e	grammatical
s u b u	grammatical
m o l a	grammatical
n o b e	grammatical
r u j a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
m i b e	grammatical
tʃ a z ɯ	grammatical
m ø z a	grammatical
k o b u	grammatical
v i k e	grammatical
h ø tʃ y	grammatical
v y ɟ a	grammatical
f o ʒ a	grammatical
z a b e	grammatical
v ø p y	grammatical
k a h e	grammatical
k i z a	grammatical
d e d i	grammatical
dʒ i v e	grammatical
v o ɡ a	grammatical
t a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
j a v ɯ	grammatical
l e t i	grammatical
ɡ a s e	grammatical
f o k e	grammatical
ʒ i j i	grammatical
t a l e	grammatical
dʒ y s a	grammatical
h a p e	grammatical
ɡ i b i	grammatical
l e z i	grammatical
ɡ u p a	grammatical
r e ʃ i	grammatical
k u r a	grammatical
p ø f a	grammatical
j u tʃ a	grammatical
v a ɟ a	grammatical
r i d a	grammatical
h y ɟ y	grammatical
ʃ i f e	grammatical
ʎ y s e	grammatical
ɡ y s e	grammatical
f i z e	grammatical
r i p i	grammatical
n i ʎ e	grammatical
l e p i	grammatical
ʎ ø t e	grammatical
l o b e	grammatical
s u r a	grammatical
f ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
m y m y	grammatical
v e b i	grammatical
b e b e	grammatical
ʎ o ɟ u	grammatical
r i dʒ i	grammatical
j ø v e	grammatical
b u b u	grammatical
z y m a	grammatical
m y ʃ y	grammatical
j u r a	grammatical
h y m a	grammatical
l ɯ l e	grammatical
v y b y	grammatical
tʃ y d a	grammatical
ʎ e b i	grammatical
h y z a	grammatical
t o tʃ a	grammatical
f u t a	grammatical
j a ʎ e	grammatical
r o l u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
h i b a	grammatical
ɡ i v e	grammatical
s a d ɯ	grammatical
l o k e	grammatical
dʒ i m e	grammatical
ʃ u t u	grammatical
ɟ u ɡ e	grammatical
v i f e	grammatical
l i r a	grammatical
s e k e	grammatical
f y b y	grammatical
z e p a	grammatical
m ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ o v a	grammatical
v ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
h ø l y	grammatical
d a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
k u v e	grammatical
j e d a	grammatical
ʃ e f i	grammatical
tʃ u p e	grammatical
k u t u	grammatical
v ø d e	grammatical
z i dʒ e	grammatical
t y dʒ y	grammatical
v ø n e	grammatical
ɡ a ʒ a	grammatical
z ø d a	grammatical
dʒ a dʒ e	grammatical
h o k e	grammatical
ʒ e dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ u ʃ a	grammatical
d y v y	grammatical
k u n e	grammatical
f y ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ i d a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ s a	grammatical
j ɯ p e	grammatical
n y p a	grammatical
p ø k y	grammatical
ʃ y j e	grammatical
r e k e	grammatical
k o p e	grammatical
j i ʒ i	grammatical
ɟ e ɟ e	grammatical
s u tʃ u	grammatical
ɡ e v a	grammatical
z a z a	grammatical
m o ɟ u	grammatical
l a l e	grammatical
t e ʃ e	grammatical
s e n i	grammatical
l ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
t ɯ n a	grammatical
ɡ o m e	grammatical
ɟ ø n y	grammatical
ʃ ø h y	grammatical
v a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø r a	grammatical
l ɯ n e	grammatical
ɟ e j a	grammatical
ʒ a m ɯ	grammatical
b e l i	grammatical
m ø r e	grammatical
v y h a	grammatical
k y b y	grammatical
tʃ i p e	grammatical
j ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
d e k a	grammatical
m o m u	grammatical
b o ɡ u	grammatical
p y f a	grammatical
t o l a	grammatical
v e ʃ i	grammatical
b i p a	grammatical
j y s y	grammatical
m e ʃ a	grammatical
p i d e	grammatical
ɡ i j i	grammatical
p u d u	grammatical
s o v a	grammatical
dʒ o dʒ u	grammatical
l ø h y	grammatical
tʃ a ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
l e h e	grammatical
b ɯ k a	grammatical
ʒ u dʒ e	grammatical
r i r a	grammatical
ɡ a j e	grammatical
p ø f y	grammatical
ɡ o ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ ø b e	grammatical
b u tʃ u	grammatical
v a z e	grammatical
h y j a	grammatical
t e dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ o r a	grammatical
ʒ o p e	grammatical
h ɯ r a	grammatical
ʃ u z a	grammatical
j u h u	grammatical
m e d e	grammatical
ɟ ø j a	grammatical
ʎ u ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ v a	grammatical
k u l u	grammatical
r o m u	grammatical
f a ʎ a	grammatical
h ø r e	grammatical
d u ʒ a	grammatical
d i f a	grammatical
ʒ o j u	grammatical
j ø j a	grammatical
ʃ i l i	grammatical
ʃ e p a	grammatical
l ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ a t a	grammatical
h i ʎ i	grammatical
p i m e	grammatical
dʒ o tʃ u	grammatical
h u ʒ a	grammatical
v y dʒ y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
m a k ɯ	grammatical
dʒ u s u	grammatical
b u f e	grammatical
d u ʒ u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ j e	grammatical
ʃ y m e	grammatical
k i f a	grammatical
m y ʎ y	grammatical
k o k a	grammatical
n i h i	grammatical
t y f y	grammatical
ɟ u m u	grammatical
v ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o k e	grammatical
ɟ y tʃ y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ s e	grammatical
n i v i	grammatical
h ø ɡ e	grammatical
l i ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ y j a	grammatical
k o ʒ a	grammatical
m u t a	grammatical
k ɯ r a	grammatical
t y j a	grammatical
n y v a	grammatical
tʃ u h u	grammatical
b a n e	grammatical
l o ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ e ʎ e	grammatical
f e b a	grammatical
dʒ y j e	grammatical
j e s a	grammatical
n y p e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
l ɯ f e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
m ɯ p e	grammatical
j ø h a	grammatical
ɡ y ʒ a	grammatical
f y ʒ a	grammatical
h u p u	grammatical
l y dʒ e	grammatical
n e ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ o ʃ a	grammatical
z ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
k a r e	grammatical
tʃ y p e	grammatical
m ø p a	grammatical
f e z i	grammatical
v e h a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u b u	grammatical
h u ɡ a	grammatical
k ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
f ɯ d a	grammatical
dʒ y l a	grammatical
ʃ o l u	grammatical
d u v a	grammatical
d y j a	grammatical
ʎ y p e	grammatical
n e z i	grammatical
h u f e	grammatical
z e ɟ i	grammatical
d o z a	grammatical
m y v a	grammatical
l y ʎ a	grammatical
d y n a	grammatical
ʒ o b a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ r a	grammatical
v u b u	grammatical
dʒ u n e	grammatical
p u t a	grammatical
r e t i	grammatical
ɟ o s a	grammatical
ʒ e h i	grammatical
f ɯ v a	grammatical
b o l e	grammatical
ɡ i dʒ i	grammatical
r a ʎ e	grammatical
t a tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ y n a	grammatical
b a b e	grammatical
p y n a	grammatical
z o k a	grammatical
n e d e	grammatical
t u ʎ e	grammatical
t e tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ u ɡ u	grammatical
l ø f a	grammatical
p a z e	grammatical
l o v u	grammatical
f ø ɟ e	grammatical
m u t e	grammatical
l o h u	grammatical
ʃ a z a	grammatical
t i n a	grammatical
dʒ e ɟ a	grammatical
s o s a	grammatical
n a k e	grammatical
b ø m a	grammatical
f a s e	grammatical
s y f y	grammatical
s ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
v ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ o d e	grammatical
j e ɡ i	grammatical
s u v e	grammatical
tʃ a f e	grammatical
ʒ y f e	grammatical
z a v a	grammatical
l i r i	grammatical
h i l e	grammatical
l a r ɯ	grammatical
n a s ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o p a	grammatical
ɡ i k e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʒ a h e	grammatical
b i m e	grammatical
ʎ y v a	grammatical
l u t e	grammatical
d u h e	grammatical
s e ɡ i	grammatical
ʃ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a z e	grammatical
tʃ y m a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
h u v u	grammatical
ʒ u v e	grammatical
l o dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ e ʃ i	grammatical
p e h a	grammatical
j e v a	grammatical
r o dʒ u	grammatical
m y j a	grammatical
b e f i	grammatical
dʒ u n a	grammatical
n y b e	grammatical
p o m u	grammatical
ɟ u z a	grammatical
k y ʒ y	grammatical
b e ɡ i	grammatical
n ø tʃ e	grammatical
t u h e	grammatical
b u z u	grammatical
k ø h y	grammatical
t o ɟ a	grammatical
d ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
k ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
b o n a	grammatical
v o v e	grammatical
ʎ i v a	grammatical
m ø ʃ y	grammatical
tʃ a h e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
d o ʃ e	grammatical
j u d a	grammatical
h a ɟ a	grammatical
t y d a	grammatical
m e s i	grammatical
r y v e	grammatical
ʃ u ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ r a	grammatical
ɡ e n a	grammatical
l i tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ø dʒ a	grammatical
z y dʒ y	grammatical
n y ʃ e	grammatical
r i p e	grammatical
ʃ i ʃ i	grammatical
ɟ o j u	grammatical
ɟ ø b y	grammatical
ʒ a ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ e t i	grammatical
j ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ ø l a	grammatical
ɡ e k a	grammatical
l u dʒ u	grammatical
h ø l a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ s a	grammatical
p ɯ m e	grammatical
z o ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ i h a	grammatical
m u s u	grammatical
z u v a	grammatical
t i m a	grammatical
n ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ u dʒ e	grammatical
l i ʎ a	grammatical
b y dʒ a	grammatical
j o ɟ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ n a	grammatical
p y ʃ e	grammatical
r a ʒ a	grammatical
d u f u	grammatical
d u ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ o t e	grammatical
v ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
z o ʃ a	grammatical
l i ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ a k ɯ	grammatical
d u z a	grammatical
ɟ u z u	grammatical
ɡ u ʎ e	grammatical
f e ʒ a	grammatical
z y ʒ a	grammatical
s y h a	grammatical
k ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø v e	grammatical
v a b e	grammatical
ʃ i ɟ a	grammatical
n ø ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ e r a	grammatical
d e ʎ a	grammatical
v u k e	grammatical
h ɯ k e	grammatical
v e n e	grammatical
d a b a	grammatical
tʃ e v i	grammatical
ɟ u b e	grammatical
p o v e	grammatical
ʒ u ɡ a	grammatical
p u ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ a r e	grammatical
v e ɟ a	grammatical
t ø tʃ y	grammatical
ɡ i ʎ i	grammatical
l a f e	grammatical
b e s e	grammatical
t o ʒ a	grammatical
n y l e	grammatical
z a ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ y m a	grammatical
b e p a	grammatical
tʃ o ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ u z a	grammatical
v ø m e	grammatical
r a m ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a j ɯ	grammatical
k e t i	grammatical
ɟ i h i	grammatical
l u ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u m u	grammatical
j y n a	grammatical
k ø ʒ y	grammatical
ɡ u ʃ a	grammatical
z y t y	grammatical
f a n e	grammatical
h i dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ a p a	grammatical
m y v e	grammatical
ɟ e t a	grammatical
ɟ e tʃ a	grammatical
v e r e	grammatical
d o n u	grammatical
f u ʎ u	grammatical
ɟ o r u	grammatical
f y f e	grammatical
f ø b e	grammatical
tʃ u t e	grammatical
l ø ɡ a	grammatical
m ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
s y tʃ y	grammatical
f o ʎ e	grammatical
v y h y	grammatical
n y h a	grammatical
ɡ a l a	grammatical
h o ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ u j e	grammatical
v ø j y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ s e	grammatical
v y z a	grammatical
m ø tʃ e	grammatical
m ɯ m a	grammatical
ʎ e p i	grammatical
ʃ i k a	grammatical
l o p a	grammatical
ʎ i n i	grammatical
j ɯ h e	grammatical
m i m i	grammatical
n o h u	grammatical
s ø v e	grammatical
z o ɟ a	grammatical
v a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e f e	grammatical
ɡ ø h y	grammatical
d i r i	grammatical
l ø f y	grammatical
ʎ o t a	grammatical
ɡ y tʃ e	grammatical
r ɯ m a	grammatical
d ø v e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
f e tʃ e	grammatical
d e r e	grammatical
b a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ o h e	grammatical
j u z a	grammatical
p ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ o ɟ e	grammatical
v a r ɯ	grammatical
p u r a	grammatical
r a b a	grammatical
ʎ o ɟ e	grammatical
n e j a	grammatical
k i v a	grammatical
ɡ i l i	grammatical
h y n a	grammatical
tʃ ø r a	grammatical
v ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
d a v e	grammatical
t ɯ r e	grammatical
n o b u	grammatical
h ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
m ø tʃ y	grammatical
h ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
n o r e	grammatical
k ø z a	grammatical
p o ʒ u	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ y p y	grammatical
m i d i	grammatical
k ø dʒ a	grammatical
l ø n y	grammatical
f o d a	grammatical
v u t a	grammatical
m ø s e	grammatical
z e n e	grammatical
r y dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ y ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ u h a	grammatical
dʒ a dʒ a	grammatical
s y n y	grammatical
n i tʃ i	grammatical
f ø dʒ y	grammatical
ʒ ø r y	grammatical
h e b i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ j a	grammatical
l i h e	grammatical
p ø d a	grammatical
r e t a	grammatical
ʒ e j a	grammatical
l o f a	grammatical
h i n e	grammatical
d ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ o z u	grammatical
j ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
dʒ ø m e	grammatical
p ø ɡ e	grammatical
t ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ø m y	grammatical
ʒ ø d y	grammatical
n a d ɯ	grammatical
z u ɡ u	grammatical
ʒ e dʒ e	grammatical
l u p a	grammatical
ɡ o n e	grammatical
l e k a	grammatical
l ø v e	grammatical
ɟ y r a	grammatical
h o f a	grammatical
f i n a	grammatical
l ɯ b e	grammatical
ɡ ø z y	grammatical
ʎ e r a	grammatical
f o p e	grammatical
v e m e	grammatical
l u ɟ u	grammatical
ʒ o z u	grammatical
ʃ ø r y	grammatical
v ø t y	grammatical
z i j e	grammatical
z e f e	grammatical
k i m e	grammatical
p e ʒ a	grammatical
h e l i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ j e	grammatical
t ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ t a	grammatical
dʒ o z u	grammatical
b o t u	grammatical
k i t e	grammatical
l a p e	grammatical
ʃ u z e	grammatical
dʒ y j y	grammatical
t u l a	grammatical
ɡ y t y	grammatical
dʒ o v e	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ a	grammatical
t a v a	grammatical
k e dʒ i	grammatical
t y p e	grammatical
h o z a	grammatical
r a v ɯ	grammatical
p y v y	grammatical
d u ʎ u	grammatical
n ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ e f e	grammatical
j ø b a	grammatical
ɡ o j u	grammatical
ʎ o ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ ø j y	grammatical
ʃ o f e	grammatical
r u m u	grammatical
f i l i	grammatical
z e k e	grammatical
n e dʒ i	grammatical
v ɯ b e	grammatical
ʃ a dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ u j u	grammatical
s ø s e	grammatical
d u n e	grammatical
n y d y	grammatical
b u n a	grammatical
s a m a	grammatical
ʃ u t a	grammatical
ɡ u t a	grammatical
r ɯ v a	grammatical
n ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
t ø ʒ e	grammatical
ɡ u z e	grammatical
s u r e	grammatical
s u ɟ e	grammatical
r ø r a	grammatical
p a k e	grammatical
ʎ y t e	grammatical
m ø dʒ y	grammatical
b a tʃ a	grammatical
p e f i	grammatical
n e v e	grammatical
ʎ y tʃ y	grammatical
tʃ y z a	grammatical
p o ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
v ɯ d e	grammatical
f i j a	grammatical
p u k u	grammatical
d a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ u p e	grammatical
b u ʎ a	grammatical
d i d a	grammatical
r y d y	grammatical
z ø p a	grammatical
f ø p a	grammatical
v i r e	grammatical
f i ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ y z y	grammatical
z a ʃ e	grammatical
b i m a	grammatical
m e d i	grammatical
h a t a	grammatical
k e ʃ i	grammatical
ʎ y d y	grammatical
tʃ y tʃ y	grammatical
dʒ y ʎ e	grammatical
b y f a	grammatical
tʃ i n a	grammatical
ʒ u tʃ u	grammatical
d y l a	grammatical
ɟ ø l a	grammatical
k y ʃ e	grammatical
j e k a	grammatical
dʒ e s e	grammatical
j y ɟ y	grammatical
h i tʃ a	grammatical
ʎ e m e	grammatical
r o b u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
v y ɡ y	grammatical
ʃ e ʎ e	grammatical
t y d e	grammatical
tʃ u r e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
k y tʃ y	grammatical
m ø j e	grammatical
s e z a	grammatical
r o d u	grammatical
dʒ u ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ u p a	grammatical
j ø dʒ y	grammatical
b ø ʎ y	grammatical
v a s e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ d e	grammatical
v y tʃ e	grammatical
k u ʒ u	grammatical
dʒ e ʒ i	grammatical
ɟ o k u	grammatical
v e z i	grammatical
j a ʒ a	grammatical
d y b e	grammatical
z u j e	grammatical
s e p i	grammatical
ʒ y n e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʎ y	grammatical
m y k y	grammatical
z u d u	grammatical
n ɯ h a	grammatical
dʒ o z a	grammatical
b i n e	grammatical
p ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ɯ t e	grammatical
m ø m e	grammatical
j y d a	grammatical
n y k a	grammatical
r u t e	grammatical
f o ʃ e	grammatical
h ɯ t a	grammatical
ʒ i r e	grammatical
t ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
j y ʃ y	grammatical
v a ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ o r a	grammatical
z o tʃ u	grammatical
f o dʒ e	grammatical
h ø n y	grammatical
r a b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ ø dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ a k a	grammatical
r o s e	grammatical
t ø d a	grammatical
v ɯ t a	grammatical
h u m e	grammatical
p ø t y	grammatical
b u ɟ a	grammatical
d i ɟ a	grammatical
b i h i	grammatical
p ɯ v e	grammatical
h i z a	grammatical
d y j y	grammatical
tʃ o b a	grammatical
ʃ u k a	grammatical
dʒ u b e	grammatical
z u n u	grammatical
ʃ ø j y	grammatical
ɡ e j a	grammatical
k ɯ s a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ l e	grammatical
ɟ e m i	grammatical
v a s a	grammatical
d a z ɯ	grammatical
b y p y	grammatical
b i t i	grammatical
ʒ ø n y	grammatical
v ø ʒ a	grammatical
p a ɟ e	grammatical
b a j a	grammatical
r i k a	grammatical
n u l e	grammatical
dʒ a d e	grammatical
n y f e	grammatical
v i ʎ i	grammatical
h i f e	grammatical
j ɯ s a	grammatical
p ɯ t e	grammatical
k i s i	grammatical
t u v e	grammatical
ʎ e tʃ e	grammatical
z a k ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y b y	grammatical
r y d e	grammatical
k ɯ m e	grammatical
p a l e	grammatical
tʃ u dʒ a	grammatical
s u ʎ a	grammatical
p o v a	grammatical
v u v a	grammatical
ɟ o ɡ e	grammatical
l y r y	grammatical
p e dʒ i	grammatical
t u s a	grammatical
d ø l e	grammatical
t a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
f ø m a	grammatical
r o ʒ e	grammatical
k i m a	grammatical
s e s e	grammatical
ɟ y t e	grammatical
dʒ a k a	grammatical
h o ʎ e	grammatical
j o s a	grammatical
k a ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø j e	grammatical
ʃ i z e	grammatical
p e k i	grammatical
ʒ e n e	grammatical
v ø ʃ e	grammatical
p a t a	grammatical
tʃ u l e	grammatical
l u r e	grammatical
m a z ɯ	grammatical
p ø tʃ a	grammatical
k u l e	grammatical
s e v i	grammatical
j e p e	grammatical
k e dʒ a	grammatical
l a h e	grammatical
h y tʃ e	grammatical
b ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
f a k ɯ	grammatical
r o h a	grammatical
tʃ e z e	grammatical
ʃ a v a	grammatical
p i ʒ a	grammatical
p e t a	grammatical
j ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
f u ʒ u	grammatical
ɡ ø p a	grammatical
p ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
ʃ y l e	grammatical
h y k e	grammatical
j y r e	grammatical
r e j e	grammatical
ʎ i h e	grammatical
f ɯ r a	grammatical
t u p e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ r a	grammatical
v u k a	grammatical
d u dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
s ø b y	grammatical
n u z u	grammatical
ʒ o ɡ u	grammatical
h o j u	grammatical
r y l e	grammatical
ɟ e s a	grammatical
m e n i	grammatical
l o ʒ u	grammatical
r a ʒ e	grammatical
r e n a	grammatical
z ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y j a	grammatical
l y tʃ y	grammatical
f u t u	grammatical
l i dʒ a	grammatical
z ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ø s y	grammatical
ɡ o m u	grammatical
dʒ o tʃ e	grammatical
r ø t e	grammatical
j e j e	grammatical
t a k a	grammatical
b o ʎ a	grammatical
s u k e	grammatical
ʎ y ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ m a	grammatical
m e ʒ a	grammatical
n a l e	grammatical
tʃ a v ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e h a	grammatical
ɟ u k e	grammatical
s e ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
r ɯ k a	grammatical
ɡ ø j e	grammatical
f i dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y ʃ a	grammatical
l a d e	grammatical
ʒ o j e	grammatical
v u m e	grammatical
z o h a	grammatical
ʃ e ʎ i	grammatical
f e k i	grammatical
d i s i	grammatical
dʒ u ʎ e	grammatical
m u s a	grammatical
m i ɡ e	grammatical
j ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ e tʃ i	grammatical
b i f e	grammatical
j e b a	grammatical
r o z a	grammatical
ɡ e tʃ e	grammatical
v y tʃ y	grammatical
k e tʃ i	grammatical
r e s a	grammatical
v y v y	grammatical
b ø ʎ e	grammatical
f e t i	grammatical
dʒ i b i	grammatical
dʒ i dʒ i	grammatical
p ɯ n e	grammatical
j o ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ ø ʃ a	grammatical
h e ʎ a	grammatical
k i ʒ i	grammatical
n a s e	grammatical
j y f a	grammatical
v y p e	grammatical
h y m e	grammatical
d i t a	grammatical
h e k a	grammatical
b y k y	grammatical
n a t a	grammatical
m ø s a	grammatical
n o ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ i ɡ i	grammatical
k i j a	grammatical
h u l u	grammatical
s e h a	grammatical
l a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
m ø f y	grammatical
ʒ o ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ y ʎ e	grammatical
j i l i	grammatical
ʎ a h ɯ	grammatical
ɡ e s a	grammatical
h a b ɯ	grammatical
ʎ u d u	grammatical
n ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
tʃ i tʃ i	grammatical
ʎ ø ɟ a	grammatical
z o ʒ u	grammatical
z ɯ t e	grammatical
v ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i b e	grammatical
v y f a	grammatical
d o tʃ u	grammatical
f e ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ a tʃ a	grammatical
h i k e	grammatical
j ɯ j e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ m a	grammatical
m y p e	grammatical
ɟ e ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ a z ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
p ø b y	grammatical
f ø z y	grammatical
dʒ ø ʃ y	grammatical
s a ɟ a	grammatical
r ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
v y b e	grammatical
ɟ y j y	grammatical
d i j i	grammatical
b ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ ø l a	grammatical
tʃ a m a	grammatical
ɟ u ʒ e	grammatical
n i ɟ e	grammatical
h i z e	grammatical
z o z e	grammatical
m i j a	grammatical
b y k a	grammatical
m ø l e	grammatical
n u t a	grammatical
ʎ i ɟ e	grammatical
p y ʎ y	grammatical
ʃ i t e	grammatical
k ɯ f a	grammatical
n ø ʒ y	grammatical
ʃ e r i	grammatical
n y ʒ y	grammatical
s o p e	grammatical
n e l e	grammatical
p e j i	grammatical
h ø tʃ a	grammatical
z ø l y	grammatical
tʃ u ɟ e	grammatical
f y z a	grammatical
d y f e	grammatical
k ɯ z e	grammatical
dʒ i n i	grammatical
n a h a	grammatical
h a z e	grammatical
ʃ y dʒ y	grammatical
z y ɡ a	grammatical
h y tʃ y	grammatical
t ø z y	grammatical
s ø ɡ y	grammatical
h o b u	grammatical
s a k ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o k u	grammatical
z y v e	grammatical
ɟ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ e z e	grammatical
ʃ y t a	grammatical
ɟ i l a	grammatical
ɟ a ɟ a	grammatical
b ø v a	grammatical
n o ʃ u	grammatical
ʒ e tʃ i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ k a	grammatical
v ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
v o ʃ u	grammatical
b ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
t y t e	grammatical
t a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
v ø r a	grammatical
ʒ a b ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø k a	grammatical
n a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e n a	grammatical
dʒ y ʎ y	grammatical
r y m a	grammatical
r e ʒ i	grammatical
d ɯ s e	grammatical
n e n a	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ u	grammatical
b o ʒ u	grammatical
s i ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ e r e	grammatical
ʎ e v e	grammatical
b ø r y	grammatical
d y d e	grammatical
f i ɡ e	grammatical
f e n e	grammatical
f o l e	grammatical
z u d a	grammatical
s o t e	grammatical
l u l e	grammatical
h ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
s ø z a	grammatical
s y s e	grammatical
m i n a	grammatical
b ø v e	grammatical
b ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
m e m a	grammatical
j ø r e	grammatical
ɡ e l a	grammatical
h ø ɟ a	grammatical
k i s e	grammatical
k u tʃ a	grammatical
t ø v e	grammatical
dʒ u p u	grammatical
z y d y	grammatical
ʒ u j u	grammatical
tʃ i s i	grammatical
ʒ u z u	grammatical
f u b e	grammatical
n o ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ i p e	grammatical
h ø j e	grammatical
f o j e	grammatical
l ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
m a ɟ a	grammatical
v ø dʒ y	grammatical
l ø dʒ e	grammatical
n u t u	grammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
p o t a	grammatical
k e z i	grammatical
m y dʒ e	grammatical
p ø v y	grammatical
h a s a	grammatical
t y ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ a ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ a ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ o ʎ e	grammatical
p o j u	grammatical
p y ʎ e	grammatical
n u z a	grammatical
j e ɡ a	grammatical
h a d ɯ	grammatical
t o ʃ u	grammatical
r a l a	grammatical
t o t a	grammatical
n a t ɯ	grammatical
m u b a	grammatical
f ø n y	grammatical
ɡ e ʒ a	grammatical
m u f u	grammatical
r e t e	grammatical
dʒ ø s e	grammatical
n i m i	grammatical
ʎ e t i	grammatical
z o m u	grammatical
dʒ o p u	grammatical
p ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
d u k u	grammatical
k y ʎ e	grammatical
j o b e	grammatical
dʒ a n a	grammatical
ʒ a j a	grammatical
v u dʒ a	grammatical
f o dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ o ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ ø b e	grammatical
h ø ʒ e	grammatical
n e m e	grammatical
dʒ o r a	grammatical
n i d i	grammatical
dʒ ø tʃ e	grammatical
d e p i	grammatical
k e dʒ e	grammatical
f e f e	grammatical
r o k a	grammatical
p u m a	grammatical
ɡ ø l y	grammatical
t ɯ v a	grammatical
ɟ i m i	grammatical
ʒ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i z i	grammatical
r ø dʒ a	grammatical
z e s i	grammatical
z ɯ d a	grammatical
l u ɡ e	grammatical
s i l a	grammatical
b u s e	grammatical
s ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
d ø l y	grammatical
m o dʒ e	grammatical
k o v e	grammatical
t o m u	grammatical
j o j e	grammatical
k e ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ i r e	grammatical
v y r y	grammatical
s ø l a	grammatical
r a d e	grammatical
f i dʒ i	grammatical
ʒ ø n a	grammatical
r ɯ r e	grammatical
tʃ i v i	grammatical
ʎ u r a	grammatical
ʒ ø ʎ a	grammatical
k o dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ i m a	grammatical
n y d a	grammatical
p ø ɟ y	grammatical
v y p y	grammatical
ɡ ø n a	grammatical
h ɯ h e	grammatical
v i m a	grammatical
b ø h y	grammatical
v u b e	grammatical
p ø ʒ y	grammatical
d o dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ y dʒ a	grammatical
r i ʎ i	grammatical
h e ʎ e	grammatical
m ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
n i dʒ e	grammatical
d y s y	grammatical
ʎ i j a	grammatical
ɟ a l a	grammatical
ɟ i v a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
b ø d a	grammatical
dʒ ø ɟ y	grammatical
ʒ e m e	grammatical
dʒ u d e	grammatical
v y b a	grammatical
z u k a	grammatical
r i f e	grammatical
t o ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ e dʒ a	grammatical
f y v a	grammatical
n y ɡ a	grammatical
f o z e	grammatical
ɟ a ɡ e	grammatical
s o l e	grammatical
v y ʎ e	grammatical
h i p i	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ø p a	grammatical
j ø z a	grammatical
j y ʃ a	grammatical
b y n a	grammatical
f ø tʃ y	grammatical
dʒ o b e	grammatical
n i s e	grammatical
j a p a	grammatical
t o dʒ e	grammatical
m y dʒ a	grammatical
l ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
h e n e	grammatical
s ø m y	grammatical
n u r u	grammatical
ʒ u t e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
f ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
l ø ʃ a	grammatical
l ø d a	grammatical
t i h a	grammatical
f a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ø ʃ e	grammatical
p y l a	grammatical
t o f a	grammatical
t i dʒ e	grammatical
z o j u	grammatical
tʃ ø dʒ y	grammatical
ʒ o k a	grammatical
t o h a	grammatical
f a d ɯ	grammatical
k o d u	grammatical
t y n e	grammatical
n e f a	grammatical
v e z e	grammatical
h e t e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ s e	grammatical
v u t u	grammatical
tʃ u f a	grammatical
b u dʒ e	grammatical
f a j a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ f a	grammatical
t i p a	grammatical
l ø ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ i k i	grammatical
j i s e	grammatical
t o d u	grammatical
l i b i	grammatical
p u j u	grammatical
l e v e	grammatical
t a ʎ a	grammatical
b ɯ l e	grammatical
n ɯ n a	grammatical
ʒ a p ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ e s a	grammatical
ɟ ø d e	grammatical
b y ɟ y	grammatical
ɡ e s e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ t e	grammatical
b a ɡ e	grammatical
z a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ u h u	grammatical
f o j a	grammatical
r o ɟ a	grammatical
n i d a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ h a	grammatical
l y ʎ y	grammatical
l u f u	grammatical
j y d y	grammatical
s ɯ h a	grammatical
f ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u h e	grammatical
h ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
r e b e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʎ y	grammatical
ʒ ø v y	grammatical
tʃ o p u	grammatical
tʃ u ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ u ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ e b i	grammatical
z a l ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u t e	grammatical
l ø t e	grammatical
k ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
v i k i	grammatical
ʒ u d e	grammatical
j i m i	grammatical
v a m ɯ	grammatical
d u ʃ e	grammatical
p y z y	grammatical
dʒ ø ɟ e	grammatical
m ø ʎ e	grammatical
z a h e	grammatical
j i t i	grammatical
ʒ e z a	grammatical
h a l a	grammatical
j y h a	grammatical
d e r a	grammatical
ʎ e ʃ e	grammatical
t a p e	grammatical
s a ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ n a	grammatical
k e m i	grammatical
tʃ i j e	grammatical
n ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
m ø m y	grammatical
m u ɟ a	grammatical
ʎ i n e	grammatical
f ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
n e n e	grammatical
z i b e	grammatical
ɟ a s ɯ	grammatical
p e m e	grammatical
t y t y	grammatical
r o ʃ a	grammatical
p y d a	grammatical
b a p ɯ	grammatical
f ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ v e	grammatical
t y t a	grammatical
ʎ o m a	grammatical
p ɯ d e	grammatical
f u h u	grammatical
f ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
p u z a	grammatical
f i ʎ a	grammatical
l u h e	grammatical
l a ʎ a	grammatical
p y dʒ a	grammatical
t ø dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ o v u	grammatical
ɟ i ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ i l i	grammatical
ʃ y z y	grammatical
s ɯ f a	grammatical
l e j e	grammatical
ʒ e z i	grammatical
ʃ u z u	grammatical
s i m i	grammatical
m u p e	grammatical
t a h ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e m i	grammatical
ʒ u ʃ e	grammatical
b ø v y	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ e	grammatical
f e m a	grammatical
ɡ a h e	grammatical
n ø tʃ y	grammatical
t a m a	grammatical
h y j y	grammatical
j ø l y	grammatical
ɟ u h a	grammatical
t u m a	grammatical
l i p i	grammatical
b ɯ n e	grammatical
v ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
n a p e	grammatical
b a n ɯ	grammatical
p e j e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ l a	grammatical
h y ɡ e	grammatical
j e ʎ a	grammatical
b e k e	grammatical
n e h e	grammatical
tʃ i r i	grammatical
t o k e	grammatical
m ø ɡ e	grammatical
ʎ u m a	grammatical
ʒ e r e	grammatical
h e tʃ i	grammatical
s i b a	grammatical
j e ʃ e	grammatical
h u v a	grammatical
s i f a	grammatical
k i r i	grammatical
ʒ ø k a	grammatical
j ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
b a dʒ e	grammatical
d ø m e	grammatical
ʃ i s e	grammatical
ɟ a b ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
k a j a	grammatical
tʃ a f a	grammatical
b e ɟ i	grammatical
n o ʎ e	grammatical
t i ʎ i	grammatical
p a h a	grammatical
n y t e	grammatical
ɡ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
p e ɟ a	grammatical
l i z i	grammatical
p o l u	grammatical
b i dʒ a	grammatical
l a ʃ e	grammatical
ʎ u h u	grammatical
l y v y	grammatical
ɡ y r a	grammatical
ʎ a s e	grammatical
l ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
v ø tʃ y	grammatical
f e m e	grammatical
m ɯ d e	grammatical
t o ɡ a	grammatical
h i p a	grammatical
v i t e	grammatical
ɟ i h a	grammatical
r a f e	grammatical
r e h e	grammatical
t i ʃ a	grammatical
l i ʃ i	grammatical
ʃ e j e	grammatical
p o r e	grammatical
f ø r a	grammatical
ʎ e l a	grammatical
ʒ ø z a	grammatical
n y ɟ e	grammatical
s y ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ o n e	grammatical
p y t a	grammatical
n e p i	grammatical
tʃ e ʎ a	grammatical
f a ʒ e	grammatical
t ø d y	grammatical
s y tʃ e	grammatical
r o tʃ a	grammatical
d o n a	grammatical
l ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
d o j a	grammatical
p ø h y	grammatical
tʃ i ɡ e	grammatical
v u s e	grammatical
l o m u	grammatical
ʃ y l y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
j a l ɯ	grammatical
d o f u	grammatical
z ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
z a n e	grammatical
j i d i	grammatical
tʃ ø ʎ a	grammatical
p i z i	grammatical
r i k i	grammatical
t y s y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
l a k a	grammatical
ʒ o dʒ a	grammatical
v o r e	grammatical
dʒ a p a	grammatical
f o ʎ u	grammatical
f y ʎ e	grammatical
tʃ e m a	grammatical
k ø v e	grammatical
k y p e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
v ø n y	grammatical
ʒ y p a	grammatical
j y tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ i r i	grammatical
ɡ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
v ø ɡ y	grammatical
t ø v a	grammatical
ʎ i l a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
j ø ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ ø z e	grammatical
z a r a	grammatical
ɡ o tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ k a	grammatical
p e j a	grammatical
s o dʒ e	grammatical
z y ʎ e	grammatical
p o s a	grammatical
ʒ i r a	grammatical
s y ʒ e	grammatical
n u v a	grammatical
ʒ a ʎ a	grammatical
d o ʒ u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ s e	grammatical
tʃ y ʎ y	grammatical
l ø h e	grammatical
tʃ e b e	grammatical
n e ʒ i	grammatical
h i j i	grammatical
b i n a	grammatical
f e s e	grammatical
d y t a	grammatical
dʒ o dʒ a	grammatical
t o j u	grammatical
l ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
t i b e	grammatical
z ø dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ y p e	grammatical
j ø n y	grammatical
tʃ y r e	grammatical
ɡ u s u	grammatical
l o l a	grammatical
ʎ u h a	grammatical
dʒ y v y	grammatical
ʎ ø ɟ y	grammatical
ɡ e tʃ i	grammatical
r ɯ s e	grammatical
t ø l y	grammatical
n e f e	grammatical
m u dʒ u	grammatical
t i f e	grammatical
ʒ y ɡ y	grammatical
j u p a	grammatical
ʃ ø k a	grammatical
ʃ y dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ o r u	grammatical
r ø h e	grammatical
tʃ o f u	grammatical
dʒ e ɟ i	grammatical
r u ʎ u	grammatical
d u b u	grammatical
t e h a	grammatical
v u h u	grammatical
h y l y	grammatical
j i ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ u s u	grammatical
ɡ u z a	grammatical
s u z a	grammatical
ʒ ø t e	grammatical
s u d a	grammatical
s o d u	grammatical
tʃ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
p e h e	grammatical
dʒ u k e	grammatical
ʎ i ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
v i n e	grammatical
t a dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ a p a	grammatical
p u b a	grammatical
h o dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
t o ʎ a	grammatical
r u b u	grammatical
tʃ e d i	grammatical
p u ɡ e	grammatical
b e dʒ i	grammatical
p e d i	grammatical
t u ʃ e	grammatical
r a s e	grammatical
r y f a	grammatical
l ø p y	grammatical
ʎ u p u	grammatical
h y v e	grammatical
n a t e	grammatical
k ø j e	grammatical
k ø p a	grammatical
ɟ o b u	grammatical
t o v e	grammatical
dʒ a ʒ a	grammatical
l a b ɯ	grammatical
b a ʎ a	grammatical
k ø d a	grammatical
z o n u	grammatical
p ø r e	grammatical
ʎ o f u	grammatical
r u h e	grammatical
d ɯ z a	grammatical
tʃ y r a	grammatical
j y v e	grammatical
n ɯ f e	grammatical
ʃ e n a	grammatical
l u t a	grammatical
p e tʃ i	grammatical
tʃ ø n a	grammatical
j i tʃ i	grammatical
k o s u	grammatical
p i ʒ i	grammatical
t i l i	grammatical
v ɯ l e	grammatical
j o ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
z ø tʃ y	grammatical
k o r e	grammatical
ʎ ø ʎ y	grammatical
ʒ i j a	grammatical
ʃ a b ɯ	grammatical
j y b y	grammatical
f i p a	grammatical
ʎ i ɟ a	grammatical
r ø m e	grammatical
j i z e	grammatical
f i h a	grammatical
ɡ a dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ y n y	grammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
p i v e	grammatical
ɡ a ɡ a	grammatical
v e tʃ i	grammatical
r y ɟ a	grammatical
p ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
s o n a	grammatical
b u d u	grammatical
b u b a	grammatical
k ø ɟ a	grammatical
ʃ u k u	grammatical
ʎ i ʒ i	grammatical
m i z i	grammatical
t u d u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
j u ɡ u	grammatical
h o j a	grammatical
p ø j y	grammatical
ʃ o ɡ a	grammatical
s u l a	grammatical
t o l u	grammatical
d y dʒ e	grammatical
s e s i	grammatical
ɡ u tʃ u	grammatical
r a p a	grammatical
r ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ y ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ y t a	grammatical
ɡ ø v a	grammatical
s a ʒ a	grammatical
h a n e	grammatical
z o k e	grammatical
t o h u	grammatical
ʎ ø r a	grammatical
ɡ i f a	grammatical
t i k i	grammatical
r ɯ n a	grammatical
f a tʃ e	grammatical
b u j u	grammatical
d ɯ d a	grammatical
dʒ i j a	grammatical
r o z u	grammatical
ʃ o ʒ a	grammatical
d a z e	grammatical
r i ɟ a	grammatical
m ø t a	grammatical
f a l a	grammatical
r y p y	grammatical
j o tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ o d a	grammatical
z i ʒ i	grammatical
v y m y	grammatical
tʃ e ɟ i	grammatical
j y k y	grammatical
m a dʒ e	grammatical
k e ʎ a	grammatical
h e z e	grammatical
h u h a	grammatical
tʃ u ʎ e	grammatical
k e h i	grammatical
k y p a	grammatical
tʃ e t a	grammatical
z u v u	grammatical
ɡ o b u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
z o ʎ e	grammatical
f e ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ u s u	grammatical
l o ʃ a	grammatical
m u ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ o ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ u ɡ u	grammatical
ʎ i k e	grammatical
v a ʃ e	grammatical
j ø r a	grammatical
ɟ e f a	grammatical
z e s e	grammatical
f y t a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
p u t u	grammatical
s i v i	grammatical
l i l i	grammatical
n i j i	grammatical
t i ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
l ø l y	grammatical
d a tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
v i tʃ i	grammatical
f o f a	grammatical
f a ɟ a	grammatical
l o f e	grammatical
ɟ e l e	grammatical
j o d e	grammatical
p o dʒ a	grammatical
b ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
z u f a	grammatical
ʒ ø ʒ y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
t e l a	grammatical
k o s a	grammatical
s ø ʎ a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ f a	grammatical
p e z e	grammatical
h ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ a ɟ e	grammatical
f o dʒ a	grammatical
p i f e	grammatical
f ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i s a	grammatical
m o k u	grammatical
ɟ y b e	grammatical
v ɯ k e	grammatical
k u dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ e v e	grammatical
n a f ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i m i	grammatical
m u z e	grammatical
j a k e	grammatical
d o f a	grammatical
t i v i	grammatical
k e s i	grammatical
s ɯ d a	grammatical
ɟ ø f a	grammatical
s i ʒ e	grammatical
j e ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ u j e	grammatical
z o tʃ e	grammatical
l ø ʎ y	grammatical
t o p u	grammatical
ʎ e z a	grammatical
ʎ u ʒ u	grammatical
f ø r e	grammatical
tʃ a d ɯ	grammatical
k u z a	grammatical
v e f a	grammatical
l y m e	grammatical
k y n y	grammatical
ʒ e k i	grammatical
b i r i	grammatical
z ø b e	grammatical
ɟ o f a	grammatical
b o n e	grammatical
z a m a	grammatical
k u ɡ e	grammatical
k u ʒ e	grammatical
v u ʒ e	grammatical
r y ʒ y	grammatical
z e l a	grammatical
ɟ ø t y	grammatical
j e z i	grammatical
ʎ i b e	grammatical
h i k i	grammatical
f i l e	grammatical
h y ʎ y	grammatical
z y h a	grammatical
m o p a	grammatical
ʒ u p u	grammatical
dʒ ø v e	grammatical
l ø s y	grammatical
t y ʃ e	grammatical
d a t e	grammatical
v y d e	grammatical
dʒ i ɟ i	grammatical
b ø dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ a v ɯ	grammatical
ɟ i ɡ e	grammatical
m e p e	grammatical
b e s a	grammatical
z y l a	grammatical
ʎ y ɡ a	grammatical
z ø h e	grammatical
s ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y ʃ a	grammatical
z ø dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ o t u	grammatical
t o n e	grammatical
l o r u	grammatical
t ɯ k e	grammatical
t ø m a	grammatical
h i b i	grammatical
f o tʃ a	grammatical
n i d e	grammatical
tʃ u l u	grammatical
ʃ y h y	grammatical
d y t e	grammatical
z o f u	grammatical
s i tʃ a	grammatical
s a r ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e l a	grammatical
k y f y	grammatical
v ɯ z a	grammatical
v i h e	grammatical
t ø v y	grammatical
ʃ a f ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø s e	grammatical
z o d u	grammatical
ʎ u ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ ø z e	grammatical
k y t y	grammatical
b e t a	grammatical
t e j e	grammatical
t y j y	grammatical
n a z a	grammatical
n i t e	grammatical
f ø ʎ a	grammatical
s i z i	grammatical
ɡ i j a	grammatical
h y v a	grammatical
f y tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y f y	grammatical
s e ʒ a	grammatical
z ø ɡ a	grammatical
t ø b y	grammatical
t ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
r ɯ b e	grammatical
p y v a	grammatical
p o ʎ e	grammatical
s e dʒ a	grammatical
j e b e	grammatical
ɡ i p i	grammatical
ʎ y ɡ e	grammatical
l i d i	grammatical
b i v a	grammatical
f i ʎ e	grammatical
v u l e	grammatical
ʒ i dʒ e	grammatical
l ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
m a z a	grammatical
ʒ u ʃ u	grammatical
j o t e	grammatical
n ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
p i r a	grammatical
ʎ o ʒ u	grammatical
j a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
l i s a	grammatical
f o r e	grammatical
ʒ o d u	grammatical
v u n a	grammatical
r a t ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ a ɡ e	grammatical
n u ɟ a	grammatical
r o ʒ u	grammatical
v i k a	grammatical
k ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i p a	grammatical
ɡ ø s a	grammatical
l a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
v i dʒ i	grammatical
ʎ o ɡ e	grammatical
h o n u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
m u l a	grammatical
z o l e	grammatical
d o p e	grammatical
dʒ ø p e	grammatical
f ø s e	grammatical
ɡ y h y	grammatical
t e p a	grammatical
l u b u	grammatical
r a dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ o k u	grammatical
ɟ a l e	grammatical
ɡ o h e	grammatical
l ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
j e tʃ i	grammatical
h ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
j y b e	grammatical
r e ʎ e	grammatical
z i tʃ a	grammatical
s i h a	grammatical
ɡ o ʎ u	grammatical
r o d a	grammatical
ʃ i tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ a r a	grammatical
t ø ɟ a	grammatical
l ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
p e k a	grammatical
ʎ a t a	grammatical
s y ʎ a	grammatical
k y n a	grammatical
r ø ʎ y	grammatical
f y dʒ e	grammatical
v i t a	grammatical
ʃ i h e	grammatical
ʎ e ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ y n a	grammatical
ʃ y s a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ m e	grammatical
p u h a	grammatical
n e k e	grammatical
l ø t a	grammatical
v i ɟ i	grammatical
ʒ i z e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
s ø d a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
z e ɟ a	grammatical
v o z u	grammatical
ʃ i ɟ e	grammatical
z o ʒ a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ z e	grammatical
ɡ o ʃ u	grammatical
b i ʃ i	grammatical
tʃ i t e	grammatical
s e p e	grammatical
ɡ y b e	grammatical
d i s e	grammatical
v y v a	grammatical
ɡ ø z e	grammatical
l y dʒ y	grammatical
ʃ e d e	grammatical
s u t u	grammatical
d o j e	grammatical
dʒ y t e	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
t e d i	grammatical
m a b ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e ɟ e	grammatical
k y ɡ a	grammatical
m o b a	grammatical
ɡ y tʃ y	grammatical
ɡ e ɟ a	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o p e	grammatical
v ø b y	grammatical
v i z e	grammatical
l y k a	grammatical
d y ʎ e	grammatical
z y t e	grammatical
dʒ i k i	grammatical
b ɯ v a	grammatical
z i l a	grammatical
r u tʃ e	grammatical
m a d e	grammatical
v e ɡ e	grammatical
ɟ u ʃ e	grammatical
s ɯ b e	grammatical
ɟ i d e	grammatical
z e tʃ e	grammatical
f y ɟ a	grammatical
m ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
dʒ y ɟ y	grammatical
h ø ɡ y	grammatical
n ø tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ u ʎ u	grammatical
s i h e	grammatical
v u ʃ a	grammatical
k o tʃ a	grammatical
d o k e	grammatical
r i z i	grammatical
d ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
k u h e	grammatical
ʎ e t a	grammatical
b o tʃ a	grammatical
j y h y	grammatical
n y ɡ e	grammatical
v o j a	grammatical
dʒ e ʎ a	grammatical
m ɯ b e	grammatical
r o s a	grammatical
ʒ e r i	grammatical
ɡ i p a	grammatical
k a h ɯ	grammatical
dʒ u ʃ e	grammatical
f y t y	grammatical
r a h e	grammatical
k e ɡ i	grammatical
r u b e	grammatical
ɟ u ɟ e	grammatical
f i ʃ e	grammatical
t e h e	grammatical
p u dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ i ʎ e	grammatical
t ø ʎ e	grammatical
l y ɡ y	grammatical
dʒ u h u	grammatical
v e d i	grammatical
t a ʃ a	grammatical
p o dʒ u	grammatical
dʒ i v i	grammatical
ʃ y d y	grammatical
m u t u	grammatical
t e r i	grammatical
dʒ e ʃ i	grammatical
r a r ɯ	grammatical
p y j a	grammatical
v y ɟ y	grammatical
s y d y	grammatical
n e b a	grammatical
h u t a	grammatical
m e r i	grammatical
n o l e	grammatical
s e d e	grammatical
ɡ e b a	grammatical
d y ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ i p i	grammatical
b a h a	grammatical
n e ɟ i	grammatical
ʒ ø p a	grammatical
z ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
t e ʎ a	grammatical
s u v a	grammatical
j i tʃ a	grammatical
s i t a	grammatical
n i ɡ i	grammatical
l o b a	grammatical
n u s a	grammatical
b u r u	grammatical
ʃ a n ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a m e	grammatical
z ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
b e tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ u v a	grammatical
k i ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ o d a	grammatical
ʃ ø p y	grammatical
ɡ i d i	grammatical
d ø n y	grammatical
ʃ y ʎ e	grammatical
f ø j a	grammatical
b y ʒ e	grammatical
s a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
d e v a	grammatical
s y j e	grammatical
p ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
k i d i	grammatical
k ɯ r e	grammatical
s o dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ y tʃ e	grammatical
k ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ o d u	grammatical
ʎ ø h y	grammatical
s u n u	grammatical
j ø t y	grammatical
j ɯ r e	grammatical
r u r e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ t a	grammatical
m i t e	grammatical
h u z a	grammatical
z y ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ i j i	grammatical
r e ɟ i	grammatical
f i m a	grammatical
l i t a	grammatical
d i d e	grammatical
h o r u	grammatical
l e ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ y k e	grammatical
l ø r y	grammatical
p u ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ u ɡ e	grammatical
p e ɡ a	grammatical
z i h i	grammatical
ʎ e ɟ i	grammatical
b e z a	grammatical
k a z ɯ	grammatical
t o j a	grammatical
r y z e	grammatical
dʒ o z e	grammatical
b y j e	grammatical
p i ʒ e	grammatical
p ø m a	grammatical
m a t ɯ	grammatical
z y l y	grammatical
n a s a	grammatical
p ɯ s e	grammatical
v u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ y k e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ z a	grammatical
tʃ u dʒ u	grammatical
f o t e	grammatical
h e z i	grammatical
k e p a	grammatical
b e ɟ a	grammatical
l ø d e	grammatical
ʒ o ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ a l ɯ	grammatical
p y dʒ e	grammatical
k ø tʃ a	grammatical
d o r a	grammatical
ɡ i dʒ e	grammatical
t ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
b o l u	grammatical
k a l e	grammatical
n ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
n u tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
k y z a	grammatical
h e ʃ a	grammatical
t a n a	grammatical
f u s e	grammatical
h o n e	grammatical
d u h a	grammatical
v o r u	grammatical
v i ʎ a	grammatical
d e ʃ i	grammatical
f o ʃ u	grammatical
k ɯ h e	grammatical
v ø p e	grammatical
h ɯ m a	grammatical
ʎ o h u	grammatical
f o b a	grammatical
j o t u	grammatical
l ø ɡ y	grammatical
m e n e	grammatical
ʃ y r a	grammatical
n ø n a	grammatical
l u h a	grammatical
j ø s e	grammatical
n ø t y	grammatical
dʒ i h a	grammatical
ɟ y f e	grammatical
p y t e	grammatical
v o s e	grammatical
k a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
s e p a	grammatical
j u l e	grammatical
f i l a	grammatical
ʃ o dʒ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o ɡ u	grammatical
f y ʒ y	grammatical
m i t i	grammatical
ɡ y m e	grammatical
ʒ e p a	grammatical
f i ʃ a	grammatical
l u j e	grammatical
s ɯ t e	grammatical
b i s e	grammatical
z y n y	grammatical
v ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
ʎ u t u	grammatical
f ø f y	grammatical
z ø dʒ y	grammatical
z o z u	grammatical
ɟ a tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ o f e	grammatical
v ɯ k a	grammatical
h ø r y	grammatical
r ø d a	grammatical
z u m a	grammatical
dʒ u p a	grammatical
ʎ o j e	grammatical
ɟ a t a	grammatical
d o d a	grammatical
ɟ e r i	grammatical
ʃ ɯ m e	grammatical
dʒ o m a	grammatical
z y s a	grammatical
tʃ o j e	grammatical
z e ʃ i	grammatical
d i tʃ e	grammatical
b u f a	grammatical
n i ɡ a	grammatical
m e tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ i k a	grammatical
h ɯ m e	grammatical
z e h a	grammatical
j i ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ o r u	grammatical
ʃ a b a	grammatical
h u b a	grammatical
ʒ u j a	grammatical
b u ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ø p a	grammatical
dʒ e j i	grammatical
d i ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ o ʃ u	grammatical
ʎ ø ʒ a	grammatical
n i h e	grammatical
v o b a	grammatical
ɟ a h a	grammatical
h ɯ s e	grammatical
h ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
p o b u	grammatical
ɡ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
m u d u	grammatical
ʃ a d a	grammatical
k u d u	grammatical
k o b e	grammatical
v ø k y	grammatical
ɟ e p i	grammatical
r a j e	grammatical
p y n y	grammatical
r ø j a	grammatical
h u d e	grammatical
dʒ u m a	grammatical
n ɯ m e	grammatical
r a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
s o ʒ u	grammatical
m ø n y	grammatical
p i v a	grammatical
s u dʒ u	grammatical
p i tʃ i	grammatical
j u tʃ e	grammatical
v e ɟ e	grammatical
ɡ u ɟ e	grammatical
d e z a	grammatical
s ø ɡ e	grammatical
b u r e	grammatical
l y m a	grammatical
h a p ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø z y	grammatical
k u k a	grammatical
f ø v y	grammatical
l y dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ i t i	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ e	grammatical
h y ʃ y	grammatical
ʃ a ʃ e	grammatical
j i v i	grammatical
k a j e	grammatical
v a h a	grammatical
tʃ i dʒ e	grammatical
z y k a	grammatical
ʎ e j a	grammatical
ʎ a j e	grammatical
h o ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ ø k y	grammatical
t u s e	grammatical
h a v ɯ	grammatical
s o h e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
d y k a	grammatical
l i t e	grammatical
r ø ɟ a	grammatical
k e j i	grammatical
ʒ o v e	grammatical
b ø l e	grammatical
p o tʃ u	grammatical
p ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
l ø f e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ v e	grammatical
s ɯ f e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
r ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
f i z i	grammatical
v e f i	grammatical
h o h u	grammatical
m o ʒ e	grammatical
tʃ ø t y	grammatical
k ø b y	grammatical
r ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
d u s a	grammatical
ɡ e ʃ e	grammatical
f u z a	grammatical
p ɯ r a	grammatical
ʃ y s y	grammatical
n ø ɡ a	grammatical
s u ʃ e	grammatical
l i z a	grammatical
ɡ e r i	grammatical
n y j a	grammatical
ɟ o ʒ e	grammatical
r y t y	grammatical
s o v u	grammatical
t a m ɯ	grammatical
n y j y	grammatical
k o z a	grammatical
tʃ ø k a	grammatical
v e d e	grammatical
l e d a	grammatical
v u tʃ a	grammatical
t o ʃ a	grammatical
s o tʃ a	grammatical
r a h ɯ	grammatical
k o ʃ e	grammatical
k o k e	grammatical
r a j a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
b u v e	grammatical
ɟ e v a	grammatical
j a k ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o p e	grammatical
n ø n e	grammatical
ɟ i m e	grammatical
v a n e	grammatical
k e l e	grammatical
f e h e	grammatical
ʃ ø d e	grammatical
p a dʒ a	grammatical
f o ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ a t ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u z e	grammatical
r e p e	grammatical
f a k e	grammatical
ɟ u l u	grammatical
s a z e	grammatical
r u l a	grammatical
r u j e	grammatical
b o ɡ a	grammatical
m ø ʃ e	grammatical
j ø ʒ y	grammatical
b u r a	grammatical
d a n ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o z e	grammatical
d ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
z ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø ʎ e	grammatical
f y s e	grammatical
ʃ y r e	grammatical
z y n a	grammatical
k ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
s ø ɟ y	grammatical
s o z u	grammatical
m ø b y	grammatical
b y ʒ y	grammatical
ʃ y v a	grammatical
z ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
b ø tʃ a	grammatical
v ø k e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ i b a	grammatical
dʒ ø ʎ e	grammatical
r y l a	grammatical
s u k u	grammatical
ʃ i ɡ a	grammatical
f e k a	grammatical
m o v a	grammatical
r ɯ z a	grammatical
k ø k a	grammatical
k u p u	grammatical
m u ɟ u	grammatical
k ø dʒ e	grammatical
t y s e	grammatical
h a ʎ e	grammatical
l i l a	grammatical
r i ɡ e	grammatical
s y m y	grammatical
p y j e	grammatical
s ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
s u f a	grammatical
ʃ o k a	grammatical
ʎ u r u	grammatical
ʃ e tʃ e	grammatical
ɟ ø tʃ a	grammatical
t i r i	grammatical
z i ʃ a	grammatical
m e f i	grammatical
j y l e	grammatical
n y ʎ y	grammatical
t o b a	grammatical
m ø d y	grammatical
ʎ a r ɯ	grammatical
r y t a	grammatical
j y ɡ e	grammatical
t o j e	grammatical
p e r e	grammatical
b o s e	grammatical
l i ʎ e	grammatical
p u f u	grammatical
l ø ʒ e	grammatical
s a ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ ø j e	grammatical
d a f e	grammatical
l o dʒ u	grammatical
l ø ʎ e	grammatical
p e n i	grammatical
t ø ɡ y	grammatical
p e ʒ i	grammatical
ʎ a p a	grammatical
j o ʃ u	grammatical
m i ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ i v e	grammatical
tʃ e s i	grammatical
ʎ y l e	grammatical
tʃ o ʎ a	grammatical
v e l i	grammatical
ɡ o n u	grammatical
j i h e	grammatical
b ɯ p e	grammatical
z i ʃ e	grammatical
z ɯ r e	grammatical
dʒ e p e	grammatical
ɡ o f a	grammatical
tʃ e ʃ e	grammatical
l ø k y	grammatical
s o d e	grammatical
ʎ o d u	grammatical
v o f e	grammatical
p a v a	grammatical
ɟ a f e	grammatical
b o v e	grammatical
ɡ a d a	grammatical
b a ʒ e	grammatical
z y b y	grammatical
ʒ o r u	grammatical
ɟ e ʃ a	grammatical
h e ɡ i	grammatical
l ø l a	grammatical
ɡ ø m e	grammatical
j i p a	grammatical
tʃ y f e	grammatical
f a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
j i r e	grammatical
h a ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ ø k y	grammatical
dʒ a ɟ a	grammatical
p o v u	grammatical
j i ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ i ʎ i	grammatical
t y ɡ y	grammatical
ɡ o ɡ e	grammatical
b ø n e	grammatical
r ø j y	grammatical
m i n e	grammatical
f o d u	grammatical
f e d i	grammatical
j o ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ o j a	grammatical
ɡ ø s y	grammatical
m ɯ r e	grammatical
k y h e	grammatical
ɡ u ʃ e	grammatical
f y b e	grammatical
d o p u	grammatical
n u tʃ e	grammatical
l a ɡ a	grammatical
d u m e	grammatical
ɟ y p e	grammatical
j a v a	grammatical
tʃ y b a	grammatical
z e tʃ i	grammatical
b e z e	grammatical
r o v e	grammatical
d a m a	grammatical
m u d a	grammatical
r y r a	grammatical
r u ɟ e	grammatical
f e l e	grammatical
d ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
l a t a	grammatical
ʎ u b u	grammatical
z u ʃ e	grammatical
d ɯ n e	grammatical
f u b a	grammatical
s y v y	grammatical
m i tʃ i	grammatical
l ɯ s e	grammatical
j ø s y	grammatical
b i j e	grammatical
b a t e	grammatical
j ø j e	grammatical
ʎ o ʎ u	grammatical
j o v e	grammatical
p i b a	grammatical
ʎ y j e	grammatical
z e tʃ a	grammatical
r y h a	grammatical
r ø f a	grammatical
s e s a	grammatical
f e tʃ i	grammatical
ɡ o ɟ a	grammatical
z ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
m ø d e	grammatical
z ɯ v a	grammatical
v i ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ u tʃ a	grammatical
l e m a	grammatical
ʎ u v u	grammatical
r e p i	grammatical
b o z u	grammatical
dʒ u ʎ a	grammatical
h ɯ n a	grammatical
ɟ i t a	grammatical
d ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
d o l u	grammatical
p ø s y	grammatical
b a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
z e d i	grammatical
d u r u	grammatical
ʎ u s e	grammatical
j ɯ p a	grammatical
ʃ a ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ u k u	grammatical
p o s e	grammatical
s ø n y	grammatical
r o k u	grammatical
ɟ i b a	grammatical
dʒ e d e	grammatical
ʃ i t a	grammatical
ɡ a n a	grammatical
ʎ ø s e	grammatical
t ɯ n e	grammatical
ʒ y tʃ e	grammatical
l u l a	grammatical
ɡ o l a	grammatical
z e z i	grammatical
p a n e	grammatical
d ɯ r a	grammatical
ɡ i j e	grammatical
ɟ ø s a	grammatical
z y v y	grammatical
z a tʃ e	grammatical
d ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
t e ʎ i	grammatical
ɡ ø b e	grammatical
f y s a	grammatical
f i tʃ i	grammatical
r a v e	grammatical
ɟ i ʒ i	grammatical
s y p e	grammatical
m y h a	grammatical
n ø v a	grammatical
l o k u	grammatical
tʃ y h y	grammatical
t e ʒ i	grammatical
f ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o z u	grammatical
h u ʒ u	grammatical
d ø d y	grammatical
j o p e	grammatical
r e r i	grammatical
j u ʎ e	grammatical
m a v a	grammatical
m ø ɡ y	grammatical
t o d e	grammatical
f y v e	grammatical
j i z a	grammatical
p a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
b y h e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
j a k a	grammatical
j i r i	grammatical
ʃ y dʒ e	grammatical
v e ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ o t u	grammatical
s y ɡ y	grammatical
h u p a	grammatical
ɡ ø ʒ a	grammatical
t y z e	grammatical
b y j a	grammatical
v a r a	grammatical
n u d a	grammatical
ʃ a m ɯ	grammatical
m a s e	grammatical
h u dʒ a	grammatical
z o r u	grammatical
p a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
s o v e	grammatical
k u tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ e h e	grammatical
ɟ a r e	grammatical
b e k a	grammatical
ɟ u dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ u z u	grammatical
ʎ y b e	grammatical
dʒ ø t e	grammatical
s y n e	grammatical
h u s e	grammatical
n a ʒ a	grammatical
ɡ e z e	grammatical
r y n y	grammatical
m u r e	grammatical
s e r i	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ a	grammatical
ɡ ø dʒ y	grammatical
j e n i	grammatical
f ø ɡ y	grammatical
ɟ a k e	grammatical
f ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ e j e	grammatical
s e n a	grammatical
f o v a	grammatical
p i z a	grammatical
ʎ a ɟ a	grammatical
p u ʒ u	grammatical
l e ʃ a	grammatical
b a s a	grammatical
z o n e	grammatical
ʎ i n a	grammatical
h y p y	grammatical
p a r ɯ	grammatical
s e ʃ e	grammatical
v y j a	grammatical
f i t i	grammatical
n a ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ y l e	grammatical
f ø r y	grammatical
h ø v e	grammatical
d e s e	grammatical
j u f e	grammatical
t o ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ y tʃ y	grammatical
z i k e	grammatical
m e m e	grammatical
p u ʒ a	grammatical
b ɯ l a	grammatical
t e ʎ e	grammatical
d y p a	grammatical
j i ʒ a	grammatical
k y ʎ y	grammatical
ɡ a b a	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ a	grammatical
f ø m y	grammatical
z i s i	grammatical
l e dʒ a	grammatical
m e h a	grammatical
v a n ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ a m e	grammatical
j a m e	grammatical
b a k a	grammatical
z i ɟ e	grammatical
b e m i	grammatical
s y b y	grammatical
r ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
l u p e	grammatical
z o l u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ n e	grammatical
t e ɡ e	grammatical
m o d e	grammatical
p i j i	grammatical
v o k u	grammatical
z ɯ t a	grammatical
s ø t e	grammatical
ɟ a m ɯ	grammatical
f a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ d a	grammatical
dʒ i d e	grammatical
k e m a	grammatical
m a v ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e j e	grammatical
h a s ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u t a	grammatical
h y dʒ e	grammatical
n ø d a	grammatical
dʒ y m e	grammatical
n a n a	grammatical
z e ʎ i	grammatical
n o ʒ u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
f ɯ p e	grammatical
s u ɟ u	grammatical
d u h u	grammatical
b o p u	grammatical
b ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
h i v e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ s e	grammatical
ɟ i p e	grammatical
j o v u	grammatical
t o s e	grammatical
ʒ u k u	grammatical
m a ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
z i t a	grammatical
p u ʒ e	grammatical
ɟ e ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
n o ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ y ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ e f a	grammatical
m e f e	grammatical
b ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
h y n y	grammatical
ɟ a d a	grammatical
h y ʃ a	grammatical
f u tʃ u	grammatical
ɡ y l e	grammatical
m u z a	grammatical
m e r e	grammatical
t i r a	grammatical
ʃ a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
k a v a	grammatical
p o ɡ e	grammatical
z i ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ a f a	grammatical
p o ɟ a	grammatical
v a j e	grammatical
ʒ u h e	grammatical
f i ʎ i	grammatical
l a r a	grammatical
p y s a	grammatical
j ø ʒ a	grammatical
t y l e	grammatical
r ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
v a v e	grammatical
l y ʒ y	grammatical
f e ʎ i	grammatical
ʃ y v y	grammatical
l a s a	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ a	grammatical
t ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
d i f e	grammatical
r o h e	grammatical
j ø m y	grammatical
ʎ a m ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y t e	grammatical
s y p y	grammatical
n u b e	grammatical
ʒ i ʒ e	grammatical
k ø m a	grammatical
f u l a	grammatical
r u ʃ u	grammatical
d u d a	grammatical
h u ɡ e	grammatical
h e h e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʎ a	grammatical
j ɯ s e	grammatical
k i s a	grammatical
j i j a	grammatical
z u f u	grammatical
l ø tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ y l y	grammatical
f a m ɯ	grammatical
k ø ɟ e	grammatical
b o ɟ e	grammatical
l a ʒ e	grammatical
m a n e	grammatical
s y v e	grammatical
f a ʃ a	grammatical
f a r ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø d e	grammatical
ɟ a d e	grammatical
s i ʒ a	grammatical
n ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
v e m a	grammatical
ʎ i dʒ i	grammatical
d ø v y	grammatical
p i ɡ a	grammatical
tʃ u n e	grammatical
d y b y	grammatical
ɟ u r u	grammatical
v e s a	grammatical
ɡ e p i	grammatical
f u m u	grammatical
tʃ y z y	grammatical
s e k i	grammatical
z y p a	grammatical
ʒ y l a	grammatical
ʒ y m y	grammatical
r ø l a	grammatical
k e d e	grammatical
ʃ o ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ e z a	grammatical
t e v e	grammatical
h i s i	grammatical
l y p a	grammatical
ɡ i r e	grammatical
m u n e	grammatical
m e d a	grammatical
n a j e	grammatical
ʃ ø h a	grammatical
j ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ɟ a ʎ a	grammatical
n ɯ s e	grammatical
t e f a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ n a	grammatical
dʒ a j e	grammatical
ʒ e m a	grammatical
f ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
n i l e	grammatical
p a p a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
r i ɟ e	grammatical
ʒ u ʃ a	grammatical
l i z e	grammatical
l e f i	grammatical
s y ʒ y	grammatical
dʒ e h i	grammatical
z y j a	grammatical
t ø ʒ y	grammatical
d o ʎ e	grammatical
f a h e	grammatical
l u m a	grammatical
r y k e	grammatical
b ø ɟ y	grammatical
dʒ o n a	grammatical
j a b ɯ	grammatical
ʒ e d a	grammatical
z o t u	grammatical
tʃ y t y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ n e	grammatical
b ø k a	grammatical
s a l ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ j a	grammatical
k ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ɯ t e	grammatical
ʃ e dʒ i	grammatical
k y z e	grammatical
m i z e	grammatical
l o p e	grammatical
dʒ a d a	grammatical
r ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
n ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o tʃ a	grammatical
dʒ i tʃ e	grammatical
ʒ y b a	grammatical
ɟ i r a	grammatical
r ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
b u p e	grammatical
z e ʒ e	grammatical
t ø k a	grammatical
b u k e	grammatical
z ø s e	grammatical
ʎ y ɟ e	grammatical
z u dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ u m e	grammatical
k o n u	grammatical
dʒ ø f e	grammatical
ʒ a k e	grammatical
m u p a	grammatical
p o ʒ a	grammatical
j o b u	grammatical
t i f a	grammatical
t y ʎ a	grammatical
v a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
v e b a	grammatical
z e t e	grammatical
s ɯ l e	grammatical
ɟ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ a s a	grammatical
ʒ u v a	grammatical
b o j a	grammatical
j a p e	grammatical
r e s i	grammatical
v ø z y	grammatical
h o ɟ e	grammatical
m y s y	grammatical
f o l a	grammatical
v y f y	grammatical
t ø r a	grammatical
v o d e	grammatical
h a r ɯ	grammatical
h o d e	grammatical
dʒ o d u	grammatical
d ø h e	grammatical
j u r e	grammatical
r o v u	grammatical
k u b u	grammatical
ɟ y f a	grammatical
d ɯ l e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
l e d i	grammatical
ʎ y m y	grammatical
j ɯ b a	grammatical
d e dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ o m u	grammatical
j i ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ o d a	grammatical
ʒ o v a	grammatical
f ø b y	grammatical
r ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
p o j e	grammatical
j ø n a	grammatical
ɟ o h a	grammatical
b a d e	grammatical
dʒ u l u	grammatical
r ø k e	grammatical
z a ɡ e	grammatical
n ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
j o z u	grammatical
z y tʃ a	grammatical
h e tʃ e	grammatical
f u m e	grammatical
ʃ ø ʒ y	grammatical
h a j a	grammatical
z a r e	grammatical
ɡ y k a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ h e	grammatical
m u dʒ a	grammatical
b u n e	grammatical
ʎ i p a	grammatical
m u m a	grammatical
h ɯ f e	grammatical
h i v i	grammatical
b e p i	grammatical
j ø v y	grammatical
d o ɟ a	grammatical
s u s u	grammatical
b ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
t e h i	grammatical
r e l e	grammatical
j e tʃ e	grammatical
n a dʒ e	grammatical
f a s a	grammatical
h ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ø v a	grammatical
t a n ɯ	grammatical
h ø h e	grammatical
p o tʃ e	grammatical
r y f y	grammatical
s a n ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
tʃ e h e	grammatical
j o ʎ u	grammatical
j ɯ l a	grammatical
f e d e	grammatical
r o p a	grammatical
l e n i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ u s e	grammatical
tʃ y s a	grammatical
m u h e	grammatical
n i z i	grammatical
ʃ i n a	grammatical
dʒ o f a	grammatical
ʎ i f i	grammatical
b u ʃ e	grammatical
k i ɡ i	grammatical
p u m e	grammatical
ʎ o h e	grammatical
p i ʎ e	grammatical
ɡ o r a	grammatical
ɟ u h u	grammatical
dʒ u dʒ u	grammatical
ɡ a v e	grammatical
ɡ o ʎ a	grammatical
b ø ɟ e	grammatical
n ø v e	grammatical
r ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
s e h i	grammatical
r e tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ i h i	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
tʃ u n u	grammatical
n o j u	grammatical
b ø d e	grammatical
f ɯ m a	grammatical
p y p y	grammatical
v i tʃ a	grammatical
k ø v y	grammatical
f e f a	grammatical
n ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
n o v a	grammatical
dʒ i f e	grammatical
tʃ a j e	grammatical
t i ʎ e	grammatical
r o z e	grammatical
z i r i	grammatical
j e k e	grammatical
ʒ y p y	grammatical
p e ɟ i	grammatical
dʒ o dʒ e	grammatical
v ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
j a ɟ e	grammatical
k a z a	grammatical
ʎ a l a	grammatical
v ø s y	grammatical
z e p i	grammatical
p ø t e	grammatical
r e n e	grammatical
l a tʃ a	grammatical
k ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
b y s y	grammatical
r y s e	grammatical
h i ɟ i	grammatical
r u ʃ a	grammatical
ɟ o m e	grammatical
r ɯ b a	grammatical
t o z u	grammatical
t i s a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
b ɯ m e	grammatical
j i r a	grammatical
r e r e	grammatical
s u j u	grammatical
n y dʒ y	grammatical
v y f e	grammatical
t ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
z ɯ k e	grammatical
j y ʒ e	grammatical
d ø ʃ e	grammatical
t i j e	grammatical
r i ʃ i	grammatical
s u h u	grammatical
n u ɟ u	grammatical
ɟ e t e	grammatical
ʒ i b i	grammatical
ʃ o d a	grammatical
p y b e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
k i t i	grammatical
p y b a	grammatical
f i d i	grammatical
z i v a	grammatical
p i l e	grammatical
p y b y	grammatical
tʃ e f i	grammatical
l ɯ p a	grammatical
z u b a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ t a	grammatical
ɟ y tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ o p e	grammatical
v o ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ o tʃ a	grammatical
p ø p y	grammatical
ʎ e h i	grammatical
s a tʃ e	grammatical
l a z a	grammatical
t ø r e	grammatical
k u v u	grammatical
k ø ʎ a	grammatical
z ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
h e b a	grammatical
n e p a	grammatical
k a ɟ a	grammatical
ʒ ø ɟ e	grammatical
j y k a	grammatical
l ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
p i s a	grammatical
k o m e	grammatical
dʒ ø dʒ y	grammatical
tʃ i m e	grammatical
ɟ a tʃ a	grammatical
k e n i	grammatical
j o l u	grammatical
l i r e	grammatical
v ɯ p e	grammatical
l o ʒ e	grammatical
z u v e	grammatical
j ø n e	grammatical
b o t e	grammatical
n o dʒ e	grammatical
p ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
p ɯ h e	grammatical
z i s e	grammatical
t u d a	grammatical
s e d a	grammatical
dʒ i p a	grammatical
v ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
z o ɡ u	grammatical
j a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
h a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
m i v i	grammatical
ɟ u ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ ø r e	grammatical
l i p e	grammatical
ʎ u ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ a k a	grammatical
l a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
n i k e	grammatical
ɡ ɯ s a	grammatical
ɟ ø r a	grammatical
t a j e	grammatical
l e ɟ a	grammatical
d u l e	grammatical
k u r u	grammatical
p y ɟ a	grammatical
v i p i	grammatical
dʒ y l e	grammatical
m a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
s ø d e	grammatical
tʃ a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
k o n a	grammatical
r ø l e	grammatical
k e ʒ i	grammatical
k ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
f a ɟ e	grammatical
l u k e	grammatical
k ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ l e	grammatical
f y v y	grammatical
ʎ ø z y	grammatical
r u m a	grammatical
j ɯ l e	grammatical
k ɯ k a	grammatical
d ø dʒ a	grammatical
n e l i	grammatical
l ɯ z e	grammatical
k e n a	grammatical
d ø p e	grammatical
tʃ i m a	grammatical
ʎ u k e	grammatical
d e d a	grammatical
ɟ e d e	grammatical
ɟ o ʎ u	grammatical
f a k a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
p y d e	grammatical
l y d a	grammatical
r u d e	grammatical
ɡ e ɡ i	grammatical
tʃ a ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ e j i	grammatical
ɟ o ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ u ɟ a	grammatical
tʃ o s u	grammatical
b i ʒ e	grammatical
d a h ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u v e	grammatical
p o k u	grammatical
ʒ e b i	grammatical
dʒ i l a	grammatical
tʃ ø dʒ e	grammatical
t i r e	grammatical
ʒ e p i	grammatical
b i h e	grammatical
ɡ e f e	grammatical
z a dʒ e	grammatical
z e b e	grammatical
m i k a	grammatical
s o n e	grammatical
v i h a	grammatical
z y j y	grammatical
ʒ ø l a	grammatical
s u ɡ a	grammatical
p u f e	grammatical
f i r e	grammatical
z y ʎ y	grammatical
h i tʃ i	grammatical
v a l ɯ	grammatical
h a r a	grammatical
ʒ ø b a	grammatical
v y ɟ e	grammatical
s ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
l e dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a z e	grammatical
l o m a	grammatical
j e n e	grammatical
l i ɡ i	grammatical
t y h y	grammatical
l a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a r ɯ	grammatical
k a z e	grammatical
r ɯ tʃ e	grammatical
r u p u	grammatical
tʃ e r i	grammatical
ɟ a v ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ɯ k e	grammatical
k a b ɯ	grammatical
h y r e	grammatical
d i n e	grammatical
s o d a	grammatical
ʎ y k e	grammatical
t o ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ e n i	grammatical
h e dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ y m a	grammatical
k y k e	grammatical
t e r a	grammatical
m u v e	grammatical
b ø ʒ a	grammatical
f y b a	grammatical
h e r i	grammatical
ʒ ø l y	grammatical
k y ɡ y	grammatical
p e d e	grammatical
p i ɡ e	grammatical
tʃ o ʒ u	grammatical
ɡ y ɟ a	grammatical
l ø k a	grammatical
z ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
s o z e	grammatical
k ø r y	grammatical
ʎ e ʒ e	grammatical
v a v ɯ	grammatical
p o ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ u ɟ a	grammatical
f y n y	grammatical
b u p u	grammatical
r ɯ p a	grammatical
l ɯ v a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ r a	grammatical
n y m e	grammatical
s o t u	grammatical
n i s i	grammatical
s a dʒ ɯ	grammatical
m y l a	grammatical
ɟ ø ɟ e	grammatical
z e s a	grammatical
s e z e	grammatical
k u z e	grammatical
v u p a	grammatical
h ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o b a	grammatical
ɟ a s e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
p e n a	grammatical
d y m e	grammatical
ɟ i d a	grammatical
m y n e	grammatical
r i p a	grammatical
ʃ o s a	grammatical
p ø dʒ e	grammatical
ʒ u dʒ u	grammatical
ʒ ø ʒ e	grammatical
t i v e	grammatical
h ø k a	grammatical
ʃ a ʒ a	grammatical
t o z a	grammatical
s i n a	grammatical
ʃ ø v e	grammatical
dʒ e ɟ e	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ y	grammatical
tʃ ø ʃ e	grammatical
ɡ ø ɟ a	grammatical
d ø ʒ e	grammatical
t a h e	grammatical
ɟ ɯ m a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ k e	grammatical
tʃ ø n y	grammatical
f o h u	grammatical
s e z i	grammatical
v ø ʒ y	grammatical
b y h a	grammatical
v ɯ j e	grammatical
l o h e	grammatical
s ø tʃ a	grammatical
f u d e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
r o ɟ u	grammatical
tʃ e f a	grammatical
tʃ i f e	grammatical
tʃ i p i	grammatical
k y f a	grammatical
ʒ a t a	grammatical
dʒ a b a	grammatical
r ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
t e k i	grammatical
f ø ɡ e	grammatical
d i dʒ e	grammatical
s u d e	grammatical
r ø ʃ e	grammatical
p u ɡ a	grammatical
z u p u	grammatical
j o ʒ e	grammatical
d y ɟ a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
n i s a	grammatical
v ø l e	grammatical
tʃ i d a	grammatical
k u d e	grammatical
b e r i	grammatical
ɡ ø r y	grammatical
f o t a	grammatical
m a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a f e	grammatical
v a k e	grammatical
ʃ i p i	grammatical
j o b a	grammatical
j ø f a	grammatical
n a n e	grammatical
dʒ e m i	grammatical
dʒ e l a	grammatical
m o h a	grammatical
r o s u	grammatical
dʒ u s e	grammatical
t a ʒ a	grammatical
v u v e	grammatical
ʃ ø k y	grammatical
ʒ o z e	grammatical
b ø z e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
s u m a	grammatical
b o s u	grammatical
h o m a	grammatical
p ø k a	grammatical
dʒ i s i	grammatical
z i z a	grammatical
r e ʎ a	grammatical
s e l a	grammatical
m o s e	grammatical
f y l a	grammatical
h ø ɡ a	grammatical
t ø s y	grammatical
m a p ɯ	grammatical
tʃ u m a	grammatical
ʎ ø n e	grammatical
v a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
n ø p a	grammatical
n o m a	grammatical
r ø dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
k e ɟ a	grammatical
dʒ y dʒ a	grammatical
f u s u	grammatical
j o tʃ a	grammatical
k y h y	grammatical
z ø j a	grammatical
r i z a	grammatical
k a ʃ a	grammatical
z u l u	grammatical
ʎ ø tʃ y	grammatical
b o h a	grammatical
l ɯ s a	grammatical
m e ʃ i	grammatical
b y p a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ f a	grammatical
k i b e	grammatical
v u d a	grammatical
tʃ i r a	grammatical
p e l a	grammatical
ɡ ɯ r e	grammatical
s ø ʒ e	grammatical
r ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
f u r a	grammatical
k i h a	grammatical
ɡ y l a	grammatical
tʃ o v e	grammatical
h e s i	grammatical
dʒ i k e	grammatical
b ɯ j e	grammatical
t i z i	grammatical
ʃ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i p e	grammatical
s y s a	grammatical
j ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
k e v i	grammatical
l ø m y	grammatical
n o t a	grammatical
ʃ y p y	grammatical
ʎ u dʒ u	grammatical
r a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
r o r u	grammatical
t e z a	grammatical
tʃ y dʒ e	grammatical
n ɯ z a	grammatical
d ø s y	grammatical
n a f e	grammatical
ʎ e p a	grammatical
s ø p a	grammatical
dʒ y d y	grammatical
n e ʎ a	grammatical
d ɯ f e	grammatical
f ø p e	grammatical
t y ʃ y	grammatical
f u j e	grammatical
ɡ e ɡ e	grammatical
ɡ ø v y	grammatical
ʎ e j i	grammatical
s o l a	grammatical
v u ʎ e	grammatical
ɟ a v a	grammatical
p ø dʒ a	grammatical
b i t e	grammatical
ɡ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
l o ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ o s u	grammatical
h u ɡ u	grammatical
v o ɟ u	grammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
d ø ʃ y	grammatical
p ɯ v a	grammatical
n a ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ i l a	grammatical
ʃ e l i	grammatical
ʒ o tʃ u	grammatical
z ø p y	grammatical
h i ʃ e	grammatical
j y ʎ e	grammatical
z ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
k o h u	grammatical
s y r e	grammatical
v e v a	grammatical
s ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ o n u	grammatical
dʒ y tʃ y	grammatical
ʒ a dʒ a	grammatical
b ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
ʒ a v a	grammatical
p o n a	grammatical
t ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
n i ʒ a	grammatical
n u p e	grammatical
p i l a	grammatical
ʎ a ʎ a	grammatical
m i l i	grammatical
p u r u	grammatical
ɟ y t y	grammatical
l y s y	grammatical
ɡ i m i	grammatical
ʎ ɯ l e	grammatical
v ɯ l a	grammatical
dʒ a t ɯ	grammatical
m u l u	grammatical
v e t i	grammatical
n y d e	grammatical
s o ɟ u	grammatical
ʒ o h e	grammatical
s i tʃ i	grammatical
k u f u	grammatical
l ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
k e j a	grammatical
tʃ i ɟ i	grammatical
ɡ y f e	grammatical
k ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
ɡ o dʒ a	grammatical
r ɯ t a	grammatical
f e l i	grammatical
s a ʒ e	grammatical
p ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ ø v e	grammatical
m o k a	grammatical
k e p e	grammatical
d e ɡ i	grammatical
ʃ i v a	grammatical
h ø d y	grammatical
ʃ y n e	grammatical
ʃ u ɟ u	grammatical
h a f ɯ	grammatical
b e t e	grammatical
r o m a	grammatical
t e t i	grammatical
r ɯ t e	grammatical
r a ɟ a	grammatical
k e s a	grammatical
s i p i	grammatical
n ø k e	grammatical
ɡ a h ɯ	grammatical
m y r a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ v e	grammatical
ʒ o h a	grammatical
b o dʒ a	grammatical
tʃ a m ɯ	grammatical
h y t e	grammatical
l ɯ m a	grammatical
n u m u	grammatical
h e ʒ e	grammatical
k ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
f a m e	grammatical
r y b y	grammatical
k i tʃ a	grammatical
ɟ a r ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
b y v a	grammatical
n e ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ a s a	grammatical
d y r e	grammatical
dʒ ø dʒ e	grammatical
dʒ i f i	grammatical
d ɯ m a	grammatical
h y k y	grammatical
m ɯ b a	grammatical
ɟ i m a	grammatical
tʃ o n e	grammatical
s ø z e	grammatical
l o n u	grammatical
s e m e	grammatical
ɟ u t u	grammatical
ʃ o l e	grammatical
n o r u	grammatical
m ɯ d a	grammatical
v o ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ y ɡ y	grammatical
ɟ y r y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ o ɡ u	grammatical
f e ɟ e	grammatical
h i ʃ i	grammatical
t ø d e	grammatical
t ɯ f e	grammatical
p a z ɯ	grammatical
h u ɟ u	grammatical
m i dʒ i	grammatical
ɡ e d e	grammatical
h u l a	grammatical
v y n a	grammatical
p ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
l i ɡ a	grammatical
b ø ɟ a	grammatical
h ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
h y m y	grammatical
b i b a	grammatical
s ø j a	grammatical
ɡ a m ɯ	grammatical
ʎ e d a	grammatical
dʒ a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
r i ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ a k a	grammatical
j a z a	grammatical
s i v a	grammatical
n i r a	grammatical
ʒ a ɡ e	grammatical
h ø n a	grammatical
j y tʃ e	grammatical
j u l a	grammatical
n y z a	grammatical
s ø z y	grammatical
r ø f y	grammatical
ʎ ø p y	grammatical
k y t e	grammatical
ʎ o ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ø f y	grammatical
k a m a	grammatical
z a j ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ j e	grammatical
h ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ u v e	grammatical
j ø ɟ y	grammatical
n i p e	grammatical
v ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
s a dʒ a	grammatical
h ø ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ i ʎ i	grammatical
n u ʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ø d e	grammatical
dʒ y dʒ e	grammatical
j y r a	grammatical
ʒ e ʎ i	grammatical
ʒ o l e	grammatical
p u ʎ u	grammatical
p y r a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
t ø f y	grammatical
d u tʃ a	grammatical
d o p a	grammatical
m ø f e	grammatical
z a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
m a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
l a f a	grammatical
tʃ i s a	grammatical
l e r a	grammatical
b y f y	grammatical
r ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
v a d e	grammatical
d y s a	grammatical
f ɯ z a	grammatical
z y d a	grammatical
dʒ a f e	grammatical
r u k e	grammatical
n a d e	grammatical
s a f e	grammatical
l e k e	grammatical
dʒ e ʃ e	grammatical
b a v a	grammatical
v a k ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y m e	grammatical
b u d a	grammatical
l ɯ j a	grammatical
j o r a	grammatical
tʃ ø b a	grammatical
t ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
p a ɡ e	grammatical
f e r a	grammatical
ʒ a z ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a ʒ e	grammatical
d a ɡ a	grammatical
l y f e	grammatical
m ø h a	grammatical
v e d a	grammatical
ʒ ø t a	grammatical
b ɯ h e	grammatical
p y f y	grammatical
ʎ e ʎ a	grammatical
s e dʒ e	grammatical
n o p e	grammatical
ʒ u f e	grammatical
s i z e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʃ e	grammatical
r e m e	grammatical
r i s a	grammatical
ɟ a p ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ø n e	grammatical
p ɯ s a	grammatical
m y r e	grammatical
s o ʎ a	grammatical
n ø ʎ y	grammatical
tʃ o z a	grammatical
ʎ ø t a	grammatical
ʒ a ɡ a	grammatical
b y l e	grammatical
tʃ o r e	grammatical
v i j a	grammatical
r y k y	grammatical
v ø t e	grammatical
k y ʃ y	grammatical
ʎ a z e	grammatical
ʃ e p i	grammatical
p ø j a	grammatical
b ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i f a	grammatical
tʃ i v a	grammatical
ʃ u dʒ a	grammatical
f i s e	grammatical
tʃ u s e	grammatical
ʒ u ʒ u	grammatical
n o ʒ a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
j e n a	grammatical
n a m a	grammatical
m ø d a	grammatical
h a h a	grammatical
b e v e	grammatical
m a m e	grammatical
d ø ʎ y	grammatical
z u tʃ e	grammatical
l i ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ o tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
r e d i	grammatical
dʒ ø ʎ y	grammatical
f ø d y	grammatical
dʒ y b y	grammatical
tʃ e ɟ a	grammatical
s ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
b e ʒ i	grammatical
v i b e	grammatical
j ø tʃ e	grammatical
j ø m e	grammatical
r y ɡ a	grammatical
n u tʃ u	grammatical
p a m a	grammatical
n ø j a	grammatical
s u r u	grammatical
z ø t a	grammatical
j ø z e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
f e t a	grammatical
v e r a	grammatical
tʃ y j a	grammatical
tʃ o l a	grammatical
ʎ o b a	grammatical
dʒ ø k e	grammatical
s e ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ i z a	grammatical
tʃ u ʒ u	grammatical
j u tʃ u	grammatical
j e v e	grammatical
dʒ e h e	grammatical
h a ʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u b e	grammatical
z y ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ i n e	grammatical
dʒ e ʃ a	grammatical
m u ʒ a	grammatical
t ɯ b e	grammatical
v y ʒ a	grammatical
z u m e	grammatical
v e dʒ e	grammatical
r e m i	grammatical
f i f i	grammatical
f a v ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a ʒ e	grammatical
z a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
z o v u	grammatical
ɡ y t a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ l e	grammatical
r u ʒ a	grammatical
t a t a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ t a	grammatical
m o l u	grammatical
h ɯ b e	grammatical
ʃ e v i	grammatical
ʒ e j e	grammatical
k a t a	grammatical
s a j a	grammatical
dʒ y h y	grammatical
r i r e	grammatical
ʒ o l u	grammatical
k u n u	grammatical
h e s a	grammatical
z o m e	grammatical
b ɯ z e	grammatical
s o ɡ u	grammatical
ʒ e ʎ e	grammatical
d ø l a	grammatical
r i ʎ e	grammatical
z a f e	grammatical
p ɯ j e	grammatical
p u ʃ e	grammatical
f ɯ z e	grammatical
z a p e	grammatical
j e s e	grammatical
z i ʃ i	grammatical
b ø h e	grammatical
dʒ e v e	grammatical
ʎ a b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ u tʃ u	grammatical
n u h e	grammatical
ɟ y dʒ a	grammatical
n ø j y	grammatical
z y s y	grammatical
ʃ i tʃ i	grammatical
dʒ y ɡ y	grammatical
p ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
t ɯ h a	grammatical
v ɯ d a	grammatical
tʃ u t u	grammatical
ɟ y ʃ y	grammatical
d u n a	grammatical
ɡ a m a	grammatical
m i tʃ e	grammatical
v ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
k o h e	grammatical
s a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
r i f i	grammatical
r i l a	grammatical
ʒ y ʎ e	grammatical
dʒ e r i	grammatical
r a k ɯ	grammatical
dʒ a r e	grammatical
ɟ ø l e	grammatical
f o t u	grammatical
r u k u	grammatical
ʎ y ʒ a	grammatical
z a m e	grammatical
h i h a	grammatical
f a p e	grammatical
l u j u	grammatical
tʃ i ɟ e	grammatical
tʃ y t a	grammatical
ʒ u r e	grammatical
ɡ e n e	grammatical
ʎ ø f e	grammatical
l u b e	grammatical
v ɯ f e	grammatical
v u b a	grammatical
m ø ʒ y	grammatical
b e l a	grammatical
ʎ ø ʒ y	grammatical
h e ʃ i	grammatical
f ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
r ø ʒ y	grammatical
p a n ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a b e	grammatical
tʃ a tʃ a	grammatical
r u z a	grammatical
h e r e	grammatical
b u l e	grammatical
ʎ u f e	grammatical
ʎ ø m e	grammatical
z u ɟ a	grammatical
v u m a	grammatical
ʃ o n a	grammatical
ʃ y v e	grammatical
p i j e	grammatical
m o r a	grammatical
k u dʒ e	grammatical
h ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
r o d e	grammatical
v e p a	grammatical
m i s i	grammatical
p a ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ u n u	grammatical
b o d e	grammatical
ʎ e ʎ i	grammatical
t u r e	grammatical
t e m e	grammatical
m ɯ k e	grammatical
tʃ e ʎ e	grammatical
b u d e	grammatical
j i k a	grammatical
tʃ y h a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ v e	grammatical
s i d a	grammatical
m y dʒ y	grammatical
t a ɡ a	grammatical
n ø ʒ a	grammatical
s y j a	grammatical
n i l a	grammatical
l a j ɯ	grammatical
ɡ ø h e	grammatical
p y t y	grammatical
p ɯ l a	grammatical
t ø dʒ a	grammatical
z a j a	grammatical
s ø n e	grammatical
p u ɟ e	grammatical
p ø m e	grammatical
j u p e	grammatical
z a h a	grammatical
ʃ y tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ o m u	grammatical
k ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø l a	grammatical
ʃ a p a	grammatical
ɡ ø ɟ e	grammatical
dʒ i d i	grammatical
ɟ ɯ b a	grammatical
h ɯ b a	grammatical
r i m i	grammatical
n e tʃ e	grammatical
v y s a	grammatical
tʃ e ʎ i	grammatical
n e r i	grammatical
z i ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ ø ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ u tʃ e	grammatical
r e p a	grammatical
f o j u	grammatical
k a h a	grammatical
f a r e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
r ø n e	grammatical
t e m i	grammatical
p o z e	grammatical
f o f u	grammatical
n ø s e	grammatical
l y ʃ a	grammatical
v a z a	grammatical
m y ʒ a	grammatical
m o f e	grammatical
d o z u	grammatical
dʒ u ʃ u	grammatical
j e r a	grammatical
ɡ o p u	grammatical
s a k a	grammatical
p y h a	grammatical
t o s u	grammatical
r ø tʃ y	grammatical
h ø p a	grammatical
p ø l y	grammatical
b i ɡ i	grammatical
k a ʒ a	grammatical
v o dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ a z ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i h a	grammatical
t i tʃ a	grammatical
r i j a	grammatical
z y p e	grammatical
j u f a	grammatical
dʒ e tʃ a	grammatical
k e b i	grammatical
f e s a	grammatical
k y n e	grammatical
p ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
l i ʎ i	grammatical
v o b e	grammatical
z o s a	grammatical
m i m a	grammatical
p y ɡ a	grammatical
z y k y	grammatical
tʃ o b u	grammatical
d ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ p a	grammatical
m e t e	grammatical
j a b e	grammatical
b ø ʃ y	grammatical
s u b e	grammatical
ɡ a n ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ a	grammatical
p ɯ z a	grammatical
h y z y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ k e	grammatical
z e z e	grammatical
n u d e	grammatical
d o ʎ a	grammatical
h u ʎ u	grammatical
s i ɟ a	grammatical
n ø ɟ y	grammatical
f e d a	grammatical
ʃ y r y	grammatical
p a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
b i dʒ e	grammatical
m u k e	grammatical
k ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ y v a	grammatical
k e v e	grammatical
ʃ e l a	grammatical
t e k a	grammatical
k i ʃ e	grammatical
d y f a	grammatical
dʒ ø j y	grammatical
ɡ i ʃ a	grammatical
ʎ i ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ y m e	grammatical
b u v u	grammatical
ʎ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
h a d a	grammatical
ʒ a ʒ a	grammatical
s ɯ p e	grammatical
v y z y	grammatical
p ɯ d a	grammatical
dʒ e d a	grammatical
ɡ ø v e	grammatical
ʎ ø j a	grammatical
k ø d y	grammatical
h y p e	grammatical
ʎ ø v y	grammatical
r u d a	grammatical
d o b e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ j a	grammatical
f ø t a	grammatical
j y s e	grammatical
h e ɡ e	grammatical
k i ɟ a	grammatical
v ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a j a	grammatical
z y h e	grammatical
b ɯ f e	grammatical
s a ɟ e	grammatical
p o f e	grammatical
f ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
ɡ i n i	grammatical
r i dʒ e	grammatical
f e z e	grammatical
ɟ a m e	grammatical
v ɯ t e	grammatical
v o ʎ u	grammatical
k ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
j ɯ f e	grammatical
ʎ ø t y	grammatical
k e r e	grammatical
p i n e	grammatical
b u dʒ a	grammatical
n ø k a	grammatical
l o ʃ u	grammatical
dʒ ø ʎ a	grammatical
h y d a	grammatical
dʒ i r a	grammatical
r o ʎ u	grammatical
p y f e	grammatical
v o f a	grammatical
ʃ a m a	grammatical
s i r e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ v e	grammatical
ɟ o s u	grammatical
j ɯ b e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
n y ʒ e	grammatical
m y d e	grammatical
n ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ y v e	grammatical
n y k e	grammatical
ʃ i ʎ i	grammatical
k i z i	grammatical
l y ɡ e	grammatical
ʒ a b e	grammatical
h i t i	grammatical
ʎ o f e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ a	grammatical
ɟ a ʎ e	grammatical
d o h a	grammatical
f u v a	grammatical
h y t y	grammatical
t o p a	grammatical
n u n e	grammatical
n a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o k a	grammatical
j e dʒ i	grammatical
p i ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ a h e	grammatical
t y d y	grammatical
s u dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ y f a	grammatical
b e h i	grammatical
k u t a	grammatical
dʒ y t y	grammatical
j ø tʃ y	grammatical
s a s e	grammatical
h ø v a	grammatical
n e f i	grammatical
b y z e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
j a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
l o tʃ u	grammatical
n y dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ i m i	grammatical
ɡ ø t a	grammatical
ɡ u f a	grammatical
ɟ y z e	grammatical
m ɯ h e	grammatical
k ø f a	grammatical
s i dʒ a	grammatical
ʃ y s e	grammatical
t a f e	grammatical
t u j u	grammatical
dʒ ø n y	grammatical
tʃ ø m e	grammatical
j y h e	grammatical
f a t a	grammatical
k e h e	grammatical
z u s e	grammatical
b y m a	grammatical
ʒ u l a	grammatical
d u b a	grammatical
d i v a	grammatical
z u tʃ u	grammatical
f y n a	grammatical
ɡ i n a	grammatical
b y b y	grammatical
dʒ o s e	grammatical
dʒ o ʃ e	grammatical
ʃ e n e	grammatical
r ø d y	grammatical
tʃ ø r e	grammatical
h i ʃ a	grammatical
f ø v a	grammatical
j i ɟ i	grammatical
ɟ u ʎ e	grammatical
m ɯ ʒ ɯ	grammatical
t ø ʃ y	grammatical
ɟ ø r e	grammatical
ɡ e dʒ a	grammatical
l u dʒ a	grammatical
ɡ a ɡ e	grammatical
h ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
h e ɟ a	grammatical
n ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ y l y	grammatical
t a tʃ a	grammatical
j e z e	grammatical
z u z u	grammatical
j ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
f i ɟ i	grammatical
tʃ o tʃ u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ h a	grammatical
m e ɟ i	grammatical
s o k u	grammatical
b ø ʃ a	grammatical
p ɯ f a	grammatical
d o ʒ a	grammatical
b i s a	grammatical
f ɯ f a	grammatical
h a b e	grammatical
ʒ ø ʃ e	grammatical
p ø ɟ a	grammatical
v i m e	grammatical
dʒ ø j a	grammatical
h u j e	grammatical
h o dʒ a	grammatical
b i l a	grammatical
n u j a	grammatical
j e j a	grammatical
tʃ o k a	grammatical
d i m a	grammatical
t y k y	grammatical
s o m e	grammatical
ɟ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ a dʒ a	grammatical
j a s e	grammatical
z y h y	grammatical
h y ʒ e	grammatical
ʎ ø m a	grammatical
k o ʎ a	grammatical
s a ʎ a	grammatical
s ø f e	grammatical
tʃ ø m a	grammatical
k u m u	grammatical
h u ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ ø z y	grammatical
dʒ ø ʒ e	grammatical
b u ɟ e	grammatical
t e s i	grammatical
k ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
l e s e	grammatical
m i r a	grammatical
ʃ o p e	grammatical
z y ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
k i r e	grammatical
j e m e	grammatical
tʃ a h a	grammatical
v y ʎ y	grammatical
l o ɟ u	grammatical
ʃ y ɡ e	grammatical
ʃ i m e	grammatical
b o k u	grammatical
ʃ e k a	grammatical
p ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
d ø p a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
l o t e	grammatical
z y dʒ a	grammatical
j i l e	grammatical
z u ʎ a	grammatical
b y ʃ e	grammatical
t y l y	grammatical
f u r e	grammatical
d i z i	grammatical
h y l a	grammatical
n a ɡ a	grammatical
ʎ e l e	grammatical
v u s a	grammatical
j a ʒ e	grammatical
b y z y	grammatical
k i n i	grammatical
ɡ e k e	grammatical
h i p e	grammatical
n e ʃ a	grammatical
k y h a	grammatical
t u k e	grammatical
m a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
ɡ a r ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i j e	grammatical
r ɯ z e	grammatical
dʒ ø h y	grammatical
k y z y	grammatical
m y ɡ e	grammatical
m u l e	grammatical
k ø tʃ e	grammatical
r u j u	grammatical
ɟ ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i z i	grammatical
t i ʃ e	grammatical
v a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
l a h a	grammatical
l y j y	grammatical
ɡ a p e	grammatical
z e f i	grammatical
h a l e	grammatical
z o f a	grammatical
b a s ɯ	grammatical
m i b i	grammatical
t i b a	grammatical
ʎ i tʃ i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ b e	grammatical
h y t a	grammatical
t e b a	grammatical
v i b i	grammatical
ɡ u ɡ e	grammatical
tʃ e tʃ e	grammatical
ɡ e t i	grammatical
dʒ a v ɯ	grammatical
t a m e	grammatical
ɡ ø tʃ e	grammatical
f y j e	grammatical
h a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ i s a	grammatical
t a ɟ a	grammatical
v i j i	grammatical
n o ɡ u	grammatical
l y f a	grammatical
tʃ u b u	grammatical
h ɯ z e	grammatical
z y f e	grammatical
t i ʃ i	grammatical
n y z e	grammatical
d i t e	grammatical
ʃ i s i	grammatical
ʃ ɯ f e	grammatical
f ɯ h a	grammatical
d a n e	grammatical
ʒ o tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ø ɟ a	grammatical
j i d a	grammatical
v u j u	grammatical
r y ʎ a	grammatical
k i v e	grammatical
v ø ʎ a	grammatical
h a z ɯ	grammatical
t a s a	grammatical
r u b a	grammatical
b u h a	grammatical
m a l a	grammatical
n ø dʒ y	grammatical
h y l e	grammatical
t o k a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
tʃ ø v e	grammatical
tʃ e ʃ i	grammatical
ʃ a j ɯ	grammatical
dʒ i n a	grammatical
z ø v e	grammatical
ɟ ø k e	grammatical
m ɯ s e	grammatical
s ø b e	grammatical
ɟ y ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ e l i	grammatical
b ɯ ʎ ɯ	grammatical
t e v i	grammatical
dʒ o k e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
v ø p a	grammatical
tʃ ø tʃ y	grammatical
dʒ o h u	grammatical
dʒ ø n a	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
h y f e	grammatical
ɡ y ʃ y	grammatical
l o r a	grammatical
p i j a	grammatical
p e ʎ e	grammatical
h ø t y	grammatical
ʃ ø t e	grammatical
t u tʃ e	grammatical
f ø l a	grammatical
ʒ y n a	grammatical
ʎ ɯ j a	grammatical
n i ɟ a	grammatical
f o n u	grammatical
t ø dʒ y	grammatical
f e v i	grammatical
b ɯ t e	grammatical
ʃ o dʒ u	grammatical
j ɯ n e	grammatical
t ɯ m a	grammatical
b ø b e	grammatical
n ø f a	grammatical
ʎ o b e	grammatical
ʎ y ʃ a	grammatical
t u b e	grammatical
d e z e	grammatical
p u ɟ a	grammatical
ɟ i p a	grammatical
s ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y z a	grammatical
j a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
f i r i	grammatical
ʃ u ʎ u	grammatical
h u ʒ e	grammatical
k a m ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ n a	grammatical
r i d i	grammatical
ʎ u n e	grammatical
d o n e	grammatical
ɟ o d u	grammatical
j i h a	grammatical
ʎ i z a	grammatical
t e j i	grammatical
z ɯ n a	grammatical
r ɯ j a	grammatical
ʃ ø tʃ e	grammatical
n y ɡ y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ b ɯ	grammatical
b ɯ p a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
s a z ɯ	grammatical
t y r y	grammatical
d o d u	grammatical
d ø j e	grammatical
t e ʃ i	grammatical
ʎ a m a	grammatical
ɡ o r u	grammatical
f e v e	grammatical
t u z e	grammatical
l ø m a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ p e	grammatical
dʒ e m e	grammatical
h a ʃ e	grammatical
r y h y	grammatical
m u f e	grammatical
p a b a	grammatical
b a l ɯ	grammatical
ɟ o j e	grammatical
f e n i	grammatical
j u m e	grammatical
d e tʃ i	grammatical
t e t e	grammatical
n u s u	grammatical
tʃ ø f a	grammatical
l a ɟ a	grammatical
z e l i	grammatical
h u l e	grammatical
ɟ o l e	grammatical
f i dʒ e	grammatical
tʃ i t a	grammatical
d ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
t a b a	grammatical
d i dʒ i	grammatical
tʃ y b e	grammatical
t o ɟ u	grammatical
d ø s e	grammatical
ʒ o k u	grammatical
k a d a	grammatical
s i ʎ e	grammatical
s i b i	grammatical
ʃ e ɡ a	grammatical
z ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ɡ y v y	grammatical
z y ʃ y	grammatical
d u z e	grammatical
t u f a	grammatical
f e m i	grammatical
z ø tʃ a	grammatical
t e d a	grammatical
ʒ a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
d o h e	grammatical
d ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
d o ʒ e	grammatical
z ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
z o ɡ a	grammatical
ɟ o t e	grammatical
s e t e	grammatical
ɟ i tʃ e	grammatical
z u s a	grammatical
ɡ a ʎ a	grammatical
j a d ɯ	grammatical
ʒ i d i	grammatical
b ɯ h a	grammatical
j ɯ k a	grammatical
m u m u	grammatical
dʒ u d a	grammatical
ʒ ø ʃ a	grammatical
ʒ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ y ʎ e	grammatical
v i p a	grammatical
p o z u	grammatical
r u ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ u l e	grammatical
ʒ a j ɯ	grammatical
f a p a	grammatical
ɟ y dʒ y	grammatical
v o d a	grammatical
ʃ u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ ø ɡ y	grammatical
m a s a	grammatical
ɟ ø ʃ a	grammatical
ɡ ø j a	grammatical
ʎ a k e	grammatical
b ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
h ɯ h ɯ	grammatical
v o s u	grammatical
s ø s a	grammatical
d ø tʃ a	grammatical
t a r a	grammatical
tʃ ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
s e b e	grammatical
ʃ a dʒ e	grammatical
f ø z a	grammatical
ɡ a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
r ø tʃ a	grammatical
ɡ e m e	grammatical
ɟ o n e	grammatical
v ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
k e ɟ e	grammatical
l i v a	grammatical
tʃ e n i	grammatical
p u ʎ e	grammatical
r ø p y	grammatical
ʒ y ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ e s a	grammatical
v o r a	grammatical
m e k a	grammatical
m ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
r ɯ k e	grammatical
ʃ i d e	grammatical
p o ɟ u	grammatical
d u l u	grammatical
r ɯ s ɯ	grammatical
dʒ y n y	grammatical
h ø b e	grammatical
l o r e	grammatical
ʒ y dʒ a	grammatical
ɟ e n i	grammatical
ʃ y b y	grammatical
m e s a	grammatical
b e n a	grammatical
b u s a	grammatical
ɡ y s a	grammatical
z u b e	grammatical
n u n u	grammatical
ɡ u s e	grammatical
r i t a	grammatical
s o b e	grammatical
z ɯ h e	grammatical
s e ɟ i	grammatical
ʃ y ɟ y	grammatical
ɟ ɯ f e	grammatical
b e ɟ e	grammatical
j a t ɯ	grammatical
r y t e	grammatical
p o n u	grammatical
d o ɡ u	grammatical
b i z e	grammatical
ɟ ø ɡ y	grammatical
tʃ ɯ p a	grammatical
n u r e	grammatical
v o ʒ a	grammatical
k ɯ d e	grammatical
ʒ ø p y	grammatical
ɡ a v a	grammatical
z ɯ n e	grammatical
v u ɡ u	grammatical
n i v e	grammatical
dʒ u n u	grammatical
j y t y	grammatical
s ɯ n ɯ	grammatical
f ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
z u p e	grammatical
tʃ o ʒ e	grammatical
k o t u	grammatical
r o ɡ u	grammatical
t ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
b ø n y	grammatical
j u z u	grammatical
r e d a	grammatical
j o t a	grammatical
d u tʃ u	grammatical
b y s e	grammatical
p y m y	grammatical
d o t u	grammatical
ɟ u b u	grammatical
p ø p a	grammatical
d u ɡ e	grammatical
z ɯ dʒ ɯ	grammatical
l a l a	grammatical
z i k a	grammatical
t i t e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
p ø n y	grammatical
j u ʒ e	grammatical
ʒ e ʎ a	grammatical
f u p a	grammatical
ɡ u n a	grammatical
dʒ e f e	grammatical
p ø l e	grammatical
r ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
ʃ o ʃ e	grammatical
dʒ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
h y tʃ a	grammatical
j o h u	grammatical
ɡ y d a	grammatical
ɡ i tʃ i	grammatical
t i b i	grammatical
n o j a	grammatical
t ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
z a t e	grammatical
dʒ e s i	grammatical
d ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
l o ʒ a	grammatical
ʎ o z u	grammatical
tʃ y s e	grammatical
ʎ y ʃ y	grammatical
v ø ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ e ʎ a	grammatical
d a p a	grammatical
ɡ u r a	grammatical
tʃ e k i	grammatical
ɡ u ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ o ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ a f ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a z ɯ	grammatical
ʒ ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
f ɯ ʒ a	grammatical
j u j e	grammatical
dʒ u j e	grammatical
ɟ u f u	grammatical
s ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
m ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
m o ɡ a	grammatical
d ø f y	grammatical
z y dʒ e	grammatical
l ɯ v e	grammatical
ɡ ø ɡ a	grammatical
dʒ ɯ s a	grammatical
m ø r y	grammatical
tʃ ø ʃ y	grammatical
r a m a	grammatical
f ø h y	grammatical
h i b e	grammatical
b i ʃ a	grammatical
ʃ ø m a	grammatical
j i f e	grammatical
s y k e	grammatical
z i ʒ e	grammatical
t ɯ s e	grammatical
n e z a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ k a	grammatical
dʒ i j e	grammatical
s i j i	grammatical
v ø dʒ e	grammatical
p o ʃ u	grammatical
ʒ a m a	grammatical
s ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
tʃ o dʒ e	grammatical
ɟ a dʒ e	grammatical
k i tʃ i	grammatical
ɡ u ʒ e	grammatical
s ɯ ʃ a	grammatical
d ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
d u v e	grammatical
dʒ ø v a	grammatical
j i b a	grammatical
t i ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ ø m y	grammatical
k e f a	grammatical
k u v a	grammatical
tʃ ø r y	grammatical
f a n ɯ	grammatical
dʒ o s a	grammatical
ɡ a m e	grammatical
ɡ i s e	grammatical
t ø k e	grammatical
ɡ o b e	grammatical
ɡ y ɡ a	grammatical
l i ɟ a	grammatical
s e m a	grammatical
dʒ u ʒ e	grammatical
n y tʃ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
m ɯ j a	grammatical
ɟ u dʒ u	grammatical
tʃ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
h ø ʎ a	grammatical
dʒ a s e	grammatical
ʎ u j a	grammatical
b u h u	grammatical
ɡ ø m y	grammatical
s u s e	grammatical
l y r a	grammatical
ɡ u v a	grammatical
r o v a	grammatical
h ø ʒ y	grammatical
ʎ a f e	grammatical
ɡ y b a	grammatical
v u ʎ u	grammatical
z ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
r e l i	grammatical
b ɯ k e	grammatical
v y ʎ a	grammatical
ʃ y z a	grammatical
ɟ o m a	grammatical
n u ʎ u	grammatical
j u dʒ u	grammatical
j o f e	grammatical
ʎ i tʃ e	grammatical
v i s e	grammatical
b ɯ d e	grammatical
ʎ i z e	grammatical
ʒ y tʃ a	grammatical
ʃ a l ɯ	grammatical
n ø k y	grammatical
ɡ e t e	grammatical
dʒ i z i	grammatical
m i r i	grammatical
l o j e	grammatical
r e ʒ a	grammatical
dʒ ø d y	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ e	grammatical
f a f a	grammatical
k u k e	grammatical
j e d i	grammatical
ɡ ɯ d e	grammatical
n u k u	grammatical
r ø z e	grammatical
k o ɡ a	grammatical
z u k e	grammatical
f ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
z e r e	grammatical
m ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
m e j i	grammatical
ɟ o d a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ m ɯ	grammatical
ʎ ɯ r ɯ	grammatical
d u m a	grammatical
l i h a	grammatical
m a r a	grammatical
p e v a	grammatical
t a ɡ e	grammatical
s ø tʃ y	grammatical
m a v e	grammatical
tʃ u d a	grammatical
n ø ʃ y	grammatical
t o f u	grammatical
r u dʒ e	grammatical
r i v a	grammatical
l a dʒ a	grammatical
ʎ e ɡ i	grammatical
k u ʎ e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ b e	grammatical
n ø r y	grammatical
dʒ ø m y	grammatical
ʃ ø t y	grammatical
v y ʃ y	grammatical
l a k ɯ	grammatical
z i z i	grammatical
p o j a	grammatical
m ø b e	grammatical
ʎ ɯ d ɯ	grammatical
d ɯ l a	grammatical
ʃ y ɟ a	grammatical
n u ɡ e	grammatical
h ø z a	grammatical
t ɯ h e	grammatical
j y d e	grammatical
ʃ i d i	grammatical
n ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
t i ɡ i	grammatical
l e tʃ i	grammatical
d ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
n ɯ v ɯ	grammatical
h i l a	grammatical
ʒ y ʎ y	grammatical
n u b a	grammatical
k ø ʃ a	grammatical
m ɯ ɡ e	grammatical
f e dʒ a	grammatical
dʒ u j a	grammatical
b o l a	grammatical
b e ʒ a	grammatical
v a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʎ o h a	grammatical
s e h e	grammatical
b e ʃ a	grammatical
s e l e	grammatical
j e m a	grammatical
n i n a	grammatical
p i t a	grammatical
m i ɡ a	grammatical
l i b e	grammatical
ʒ o f a	grammatical
ʒ i m a	grammatical
d y ʒ a	grammatical
f ø h e	grammatical
r a ʃ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ i z a	grammatical
ɟ ø ʎ y	grammatical
ʎ o p a	grammatical
j e tʃ a	grammatical
l u ɡ a	grammatical
ʒ e r a	grammatical
ɟ i r i	grammatical
f y d y	grammatical
dʒ o ɡ a	grammatical
t e l i	grammatical
t a s e	grammatical
s i j e	grammatical
d i ʎ e	grammatical
r ø m y	grammatical
t e b e	grammatical
ɡ ø ʃ y	grammatical
z ø ɟ e	grammatical
m o z a	grammatical
f e ɟ i	grammatical
d i dʒ a	grammatical
ʒ ø f e	grammatical
ɟ o p u	grammatical
ʃ ø z a	grammatical
k i h i	grammatical
ʎ i l e	grammatical
t o p e	grammatical
p y h y	grammatical
ɟ i ɟ i	grammatical
v e l a	grammatical
s o b u	grammatical
r a l e	grammatical
m ø v e	grammatical
z ɯ tʃ ɯ	grammatical
m e ʃ e	grammatical
z i p i	grammatical
tʃ a l e	grammatical
s u ʒ a	grammatical
j i h i	grammatical
l o s a	grammatical
d i l e	grammatical
ɟ i tʃ i	grammatical
r u ɟ a	grammatical
m e dʒ a	grammatical
s ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
tʃ i dʒ i	grammatical
ɡ a f ɯ	grammatical
r ø k y	grammatical
b o d u	grammatical
ɡ i r i	grammatical
n ɯ z ɯ	grammatical
k y d y	grammatical
dʒ y v a	grammatical
f ø k y	grammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
k o ʒ u	grammatical
m y p a	grammatical
l e ʒ i	grammatical
b i s i	grammatical
ʒ ø h a	grammatical
ɟ ɯ d a	grammatical
tʃ u n a	grammatical
k e z e	grammatical
ɟ a b e	grammatical
ɡ o m a	grammatical
b y t y	grammatical
ʎ e k e	grammatical
j e t a	grammatical
ʃ u d e	grammatical
j ɯ z a	grammatical
l e ɟ i	grammatical
b y ɡ y	grammatical
v i ɟ a	grammatical
f ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
f u ʎ e	grammatical
j o l a	grammatical
z ɯ ɡ a	grammatical
d y ɡ y	grammatical
v i l a	grammatical
d ø r y	grammatical
d o t a	grammatical
ɟ u v e	grammatical
ʒ i n i	grammatical
l a p a	grammatical
d e m i	grammatical
tʃ a p ɯ	grammatical
ʎ u j u	grammatical
h o v e	grammatical
n i l i	grammatical
r o t u	grammatical
ʒ ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
t a ʒ e	grammatical
ʃ u h e	grammatical
h i ʎ a	grammatical
k u ʎ a	grammatical
ʒ i ɟ e	grammatical
l y p e	grammatical
ʃ u s a	grammatical
m i m e	grammatical
k ø p y	grammatical
p o ɟ e	grammatical
h a ʒ e	grammatical
z ø ɡ y	grammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
m i l a	grammatical
n ɯ k a	grammatical
t y p a	grammatical
ʎ i ʃ i	grammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ a	grammatical
m y tʃ y	grammatical
d ø v a	grammatical
ʃ ɯ v a	grammatical
z a j e	grammatical
k i k e	grammatical
n ɯ ʎ e	grammatical
n e tʃ a	grammatical
d e f a	grammatical
v y n e	grammatical
j u ɟ a	grammatical
ɡ y f a	grammatical
k ø ɟ y	grammatical
s a ɡ e	grammatical
n a b ɯ	grammatical
ʃ i b e	grammatical
r e l a	grammatical
l ɯ dʒ e	grammatical
ʎ o z a	grammatical
s o j a	grammatical
p a s ɯ	grammatical
b o ɟ u	grammatical
ʎ e s a	grammatical
l y v e	grammatical
v a ʎ e	grammatical
ʃ ɯ t ɯ	grammatical
n o ʎ u	grammatical
ʃ ø ʃ e	grammatical
tʃ o dʒ a	grammatical
l i ʃ a	grammatical
r ɯ v e	grammatical
tʃ i z i	grammatical
t e s a	grammatical
l a ʃ a	grammatical
dʒ e ɡ a	grammatical
r ø s y	grammatical
tʃ o j a	grammatical
ɡ u p e	grammatical
s y d e	grammatical
k a tʃ ɯ	grammatical
z ø d e	grammatical
z ɯ m e	grammatical
ʒ i k a	grammatical
ɟ e k i	grammatical
ʎ i f e	grammatical
t ø tʃ a	grammatical
v a k a	grammatical
z y m y	grammatical
j a d e	grammatical
l o d a	grammatical
l ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
p ø b e	grammatical
s ø k y	grammatical
f e ʃ a	grammatical
m y ʎ e	grammatical
r ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
r y b e	grammatical
ʒ i ɡ e	grammatical
tʃ e k a	grammatical
z u d e	grammatical
dʒ ø ʒ y	grammatical
ʒ o ʎ a	grammatical
z a ʒ e	grammatical
p ø ɡ y	grammatical
ɟ ø l y	grammatical
p a m e	grammatical
r ø k a	grammatical
b u t a	grammatical
ʒ e s i	grammatical
f ɯ j ɯ	grammatical
m e tʃ i	grammatical
h ø t a	grammatical
ʎ ø r e	grammatical
p ø n a	grammatical
p i k a	grammatical
d u f a	grammatical
j o ʃ e	grammatical
ɟ ø dʒ a	grammatical
s ø ɟ a	grammatical
h ɯ k ɯ	grammatical
z a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
p ø h a	grammatical
r a ʎ ɯ	grammatical
z u ʒ e	grammatical
v e k i	grammatical
z e p e	grammatical
v ø k a	grammatical
n i k i	grammatical
b ɯ t a	grammatical
l u d a	grammatical
f y ʎ a	grammatical
ʎ o ɟ a	grammatical
s o m a	grammatical
v a p a	grammatical
p o m a	grammatical
t i ɟ a	grammatical
v y ɡ e	grammatical
n y ʃ a	grammatical
j ø b e	grammatical
v ɯ l ɯ	grammatical
s ø t y	grammatical
p ɯ p ɯ	grammatical
h e k e	grammatical
n y s y	grammatical
n ɯ b e	grammatical
s o p a	grammatical
j ɯ k e	grammatical
n ø p e	grammatical
ʎ ø ɡ a	grammatical
ʃ e r e	grammatical
v o h e	grammatical
k o ɟ e	grammatical
r y l y	grammatical
p ø ʎ a	grammatical
v o n a	grammatical
k u s e	grammatical
tʃ u h a	grammatical
d u k a	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ ɯ	grammatical
v e ʒ e	grammatical
d i tʃ a	grammatical
tʃ ø ɟ a	grammatical
t u m e	grammatical
m o ɡ u	grammatical
h ɯ ʒ e	grammatical
dʒ a ʃ a	grammatical
f i b a	grammatical
r i b e	grammatical
ʃ a l a	grammatical
t ø r y	grammatical
t ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ɟ u n u	grammatical
n y l y	grammatical
s e f a	grammatical
f i m i	grammatical
v a tʃ e	grammatical
s a t ɯ	grammatical
r a v a	grammatical
ʎ u l a	grammatical
s o j e	grammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ ɯ	grammatical
j u ʎ u	grammatical
d i r e	grammatical
l a ɟ ɯ	grammatical
t e r e	grammatical
b ɯ ɡ ɯ	grammatical
ʃ a h ɯ	grammatical
h ɯ f ɯ	grammatical
f a ɡ ɯ	grammatical
r y ɡ y	grammatical
ʎ a l ɯ	grammatical
dʒ ø ʃ e	grammatical
f o n e	grammatical
tʃ a j ɯ	grammatical
p ɯ tʃ a	grammatical
v y k e	grammatical
d e k e	grammatical
v o m u	grammatical
v e z a	grammatical
z i dʒ a	grammatical
l y s a	grammatical
b u dʒ u	grammatical
h e ʒ i	grammatical
r ɯ ɟ a	grammatical
z o r e	grammatical
s ø m e	grammatical
f y f y	grammatical
b e s i	grammatical
h ø s a	grammatical
p u tʃ e	grammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ e	grammatical
d ɯ h y	ungrammatical
t ɯ z i	ungrammatical
p i d y	ungrammatical
r a v o	ungrammatical
p y t i	ungrammatical
t ɯ n y	ungrammatical
v ɯ h i	ungrammatical
b ɯ s u	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ y	ungrammatical
dʒ i v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
d e t u	ungrammatical
l ø l i	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n u n ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ a m u	ungrammatical
k u ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s a tʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ o d i	ungrammatical
h ɯ j u	ungrammatical
j u l ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ u p y	ungrammatical
f y l ø	ungrammatical
k o r ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
j a l i	ungrammatical
ʎ o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
r ø h u	ungrammatical
b y h ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ p o	ungrammatical
n e ɡ y	ungrammatical
v e d y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
v i d y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
r i l ɯ	ungrammatical
s y z ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ j y	ungrammatical
n e k o	ungrammatical
ʎ o tʃ y	ungrammatical
d e b ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e dʒ y	ungrammatical
v i f ø	ungrammatical
f e p y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
m y v i	ungrammatical
l u m y	ungrammatical
l e d ø	ungrammatical
d o p ø	ungrammatical
k a s y	ungrammatical
h e t y	ungrammatical
p o s y	ungrammatical
k o s o	ungrammatical
t e d o	ungrammatical
r o j i	ungrammatical
b o l y	ungrammatical
t ø m o	ungrammatical
r a z o	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
n ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
m o ʒ i	ungrammatical
t ɯ p o	ungrammatical
v y p ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø d i	ungrammatical
p ɯ d u	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ a s ø	ungrammatical
d u dʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ y v o	ungrammatical
r ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
r u ʎ y	ungrammatical
n y n u	ungrammatical
ɟ u b y	ungrammatical
h e n u	ungrammatical
d i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i t o	ungrammatical
d i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ b o	ungrammatical
ɟ e l u	ungrammatical
s e k ø	ungrammatical
h u f ɯ	ungrammatical
b i j u	ungrammatical
ɟ i l u	ungrammatical
z y ʒ o	ungrammatical
n y l ø	ungrammatical
v o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
l i k y	ungrammatical
j ɯ j i	ungrammatical
p a n ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ v o	ungrammatical
p u n y	ungrammatical
r ø r ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y tʃ o	ungrammatical
m a ʎ u	ungrammatical
b u j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
n y r o	ungrammatical
v e b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o ɟ i	ungrammatical
z o ɡ i	ungrammatical
r ø m i	ungrammatical
m ø d i	ungrammatical
ɟ i k ɯ	ungrammatical
r e r ɯ	ungrammatical
n o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
k ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ r y	ungrammatical
k e k ø	ungrammatical
f y s ø	ungrammatical
d i h o	ungrammatical
b i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y f ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø t o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ t u	ungrammatical
h a ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
z u b y	ungrammatical
p ø b ø	ungrammatical
r a tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ y h o	ungrammatical
d y s o	ungrammatical
tʃ e r o	ungrammatical
l y j u	ungrammatical
l i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
f a k o	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
f y j i	ungrammatical
dʒ e k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e d o	ungrammatical
ɟ e f y	ungrammatical
k a p ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
v ø d o	ungrammatical
j a b o	ungrammatical
ɡ o l i	ungrammatical
z y f i	ungrammatical
ʒ e z y	ungrammatical
n o r ø	ungrammatical
v ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
j a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
v u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʃ u	ungrammatical
p ø z u	ungrammatical
ʃ y s u	ungrammatical
ʒ i t u	ungrammatical
j o p i	ungrammatical
r a l i	ungrammatical
ɟ o n ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o z o	ungrammatical
k u m ø	ungrammatical
t u s ø	ungrammatical
m ø s u	ungrammatical
n e ɡ o	ungrammatical
l o ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e t ø	ungrammatical
k ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h a ʒ y	ungrammatical
b u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
n i m ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø h i	ungrammatical
k ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y p ø	ungrammatical
n y ʃ u	ungrammatical
z i k ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
h a tʃ o	ungrammatical
z ø v u	ungrammatical
tʃ e b y	ungrammatical
h a b o	ungrammatical
l e r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø m i	ungrammatical
s i t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø j o	ungrammatical
l e v ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e f y	ungrammatical
ɟ a d u	ungrammatical
f i ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø h ø	ungrammatical
l ø f o	ungrammatical
n ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
s ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n u k ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ r u	ungrammatical
f ɯ n i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
v y z ɯ	ungrammatical
p u h i	ungrammatical
j o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m e b u	ungrammatical
f ɯ p i	ungrammatical
m a m ø	ungrammatical
k a v o	ungrammatical
r y l ɯ	ungrammatical
p u h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
l o ɟ y	ungrammatical
h y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ k o	ungrammatical
h y d ɯ	ungrammatical
n y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r a tʃ u	ungrammatical
r ɯ k u	ungrammatical
j ɯ b u	ungrammatical
s a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
m i r ø	ungrammatical
d a l o	ungrammatical
n o d i	ungrammatical
dʒ y m ø	ungrammatical
v y m o	ungrammatical
z u m i	ungrammatical
r o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b u f o	ungrammatical
b a k ø	ungrammatical
n o b ø	ungrammatical
m i dʒ o	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
k ɯ n i	ungrammatical
z i p y	ungrammatical
b e s o	ungrammatical
h i j ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ b i	ungrammatical
s ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
d i ɡ y	ungrammatical
s i r ɯ	ungrammatical
m u l y	ungrammatical
r y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n u t i	ungrammatical
z i r o	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʎ i	ungrammatical
b i ɟ u	ungrammatical
l y j i	ungrammatical
m a p i	ungrammatical
z ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
r e k y	ungrammatical
b u t i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ r y	ungrammatical
l a ʒ u	ungrammatical
p ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l y l o	ungrammatical
v ɯ j o	ungrammatical
f o b ø	ungrammatical
z i b ɯ	ungrammatical
h i ɟ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
t y p i	ungrammatical
dʒ i d o	ungrammatical
n e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s y p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o k i	ungrammatical
m ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
k ɯ t o	ungrammatical
j ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ z u	ungrammatical
h a ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɟ u f ɯ	ungrammatical
d o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o d i	ungrammatical
b a l y	ungrammatical
r i dʒ o	ungrammatical
v o j ø	ungrammatical
l o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i ɟ u	ungrammatical
f a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
r u j i	ungrammatical
h ɯ p i	ungrammatical
k o z ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø h i	ungrammatical
s y ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø k o	ungrammatical
z u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t a n i	ungrammatical
j ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
t o f o	ungrammatical
ʒ y b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y n o	ungrammatical
m u ʎ o	ungrammatical
d ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
f y ʎ o	ungrammatical
n a ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i z y	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ o s i	ungrammatical
dʒ ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
z e f u	ungrammatical
ɡ e p y	ungrammatical
f e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
m y r ɯ	ungrammatical
d y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
s i z ø	ungrammatical
h ø m u	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
k ɯ k o	ungrammatical
p ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
r ø v ø	ungrammatical
f i f o	ungrammatical
m u j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u k y	ungrammatical
ʃ y dʒ i	ungrammatical
k y k u	ungrammatical
t ø b i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ l o	ungrammatical
r ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ a j u	ungrammatical
r i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y tʃ o	ungrammatical
p a r y	ungrammatical
n a ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
j u b ø	ungrammatical
m u b ø	ungrammatical
p ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɡ y f i	ungrammatical
b y h u	ungrammatical
h e tʃ y	ungrammatical
p a s y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a d u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø k i	ungrammatical
l a v u	ungrammatical
t u s ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ n o	ungrammatical
m o b y	ungrammatical
n u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
b e r u	ungrammatical
ʎ i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u j ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o z ø	ungrammatical
p u ʒ y	ungrammatical
v ɯ b i	ungrammatical
l e b o	ungrammatical
ɡ o s i	ungrammatical
m e dʒ u	ungrammatical
t i l o	ungrammatical
l y ɡ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ v i	ungrammatical
p y j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʃ o	ungrammatical
k o ʃ i	ungrammatical
k u b o	ungrammatical
k y t u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø v ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a h o	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o n o	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s i tʃ u	ungrammatical
n u n i	ungrammatical
r e b y	ungrammatical
r u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø l u	ungrammatical
l o l ø	ungrammatical
p u d i	ungrammatical
t y s i	ungrammatical
ɡ a m ø	ungrammatical
r ø m o	ungrammatical
h a ɡ o	ungrammatical
k o dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a l o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø h i	ungrammatical
s o h i	ungrammatical
h i ʎ u	ungrammatical
l i d y	ungrammatical
h y f ø	ungrammatical
h i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø p ø	ungrammatical
s y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ r i	ungrammatical
j i dʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ l i	ungrammatical
ʒ i m ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ r u	ungrammatical
p i d o	ungrammatical
b y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
f ø t i	ungrammatical
ʃ u n i	ungrammatical
dʒ u f ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y n o	ungrammatical
ʒ o m o	ungrammatical
dʒ i v u	ungrammatical
m a v y	ungrammatical
ʒ i z y	ungrammatical
k ø s i	ungrammatical
f e t ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø d o	ungrammatical
b u n y	ungrammatical
n i m o	ungrammatical
r ɯ r o	ungrammatical
d e ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ o p ø	ungrammatical
ʒ e v o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ a j o	ungrammatical
n a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
t o j y	ungrammatical
m ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
z o z o	ungrammatical
b e dʒ y	ungrammatical
h u t ø	ungrammatical
r a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ k u	ungrammatical
s i n ø	ungrammatical
v ø v ø	ungrammatical
s i ʃ y	ungrammatical
m ɯ m o	ungrammatical
j e k ø	ungrammatical
f y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
h i n ɯ	ungrammatical
z i d u	ungrammatical
s y b ø	ungrammatical
h a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o j ɯ	ungrammatical
p i b u	ungrammatical
s ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
v i dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ u v o	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʎ y	ungrammatical
j y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø z u	ungrammatical
z o h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o r i	ungrammatical
l i v y	ungrammatical
ʃ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e f ø	ungrammatical
z u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
h u f y	ungrammatical
ʎ u b i	ungrammatical
dʒ i b o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
ʃ e t ø	ungrammatical
d ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e n o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ j y	ungrammatical
t i v ø	ungrammatical
t y r u	ungrammatical
h y ʒ i	ungrammatical
f i ʎ o	ungrammatical
tʃ o ɡ y	ungrammatical
s a dʒ i	ungrammatical
dʒ a d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o s i	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z i f y	ungrammatical
s u k o	ungrammatical
h a dʒ y	ungrammatical
b a j i	ungrammatical
l a p y	ungrammatical
l ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
l y n o	ungrammatical
b ø r ø	ungrammatical
p ø k ø	ungrammatical
n y ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a z i	ungrammatical
m y k i	ungrammatical
l e k ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
j a j o	ungrammatical
s e n o	ungrammatical
l e h u	ungrammatical
f o j i	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ e k y	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɟ o	ungrammatical
s i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h y ɡ o	ungrammatical
f e h o	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʃ o	ungrammatical
b ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
p i z y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
j ø l i	ungrammatical
k e ɡ u	ungrammatical
k i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʎ u	ungrammatical
b ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
v a k y	ungrammatical
ʃ y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b a h o	ungrammatical
ʒ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ s y	ungrammatical
ʎ a r o	ungrammatical
n e v u	ungrammatical
d u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a f i	ungrammatical
b a ʒ o	ungrammatical
m o l i	ungrammatical
ɟ u k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o l ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ v o	ungrammatical
t ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø h o	ungrammatical
t i l ɯ	ungrammatical
z y n u	ungrammatical
f e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p e ʎ u	ungrammatical
h ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
v u ɡ y	ungrammatical
d i r ø	ungrammatical
b a v ø	ungrammatical
k ø b u	ungrammatical
v ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o l y	ungrammatical
f ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɟ o	ungrammatical
h e l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ m u	ungrammatical
s e tʃ y	ungrammatical
b a dʒ o	ungrammatical
b e j ø	ungrammatical
t e j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u tʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
l u k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
b i ʒ u	ungrammatical
m i d u	ungrammatical
v a b ø	ungrammatical
b e r y	ungrammatical
dʒ u d y	ungrammatical
d e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
d o v o	ungrammatical
t u k ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø j o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ b u	ungrammatical
ʃ u n ø	ungrammatical
m i s o	ungrammatical
t ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ʃ u m ɯ	ungrammatical
m u t o	ungrammatical
ʎ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
r a z y	ungrammatical
z i d ø	ungrammatical
k y dʒ o	ungrammatical
n ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k i m u	ungrammatical
t y b ø	ungrammatical
t ø r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v o ʎ o	ungrammatical
n u f ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y k ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø l o	ungrammatical
k o ʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ e l o	ungrammatical
h o p y	ungrammatical
j i n o	ungrammatical
v ɯ z y	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
v a k u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
d ø t i	ungrammatical
t i h ɯ	ungrammatical
n y j u	ungrammatical
h y p ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø z o	ungrammatical
s i v u	ungrammatical
t i v y	ungrammatical
m u m ø	ungrammatical
p i m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e t y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø h u	ungrammatical
r ɯ j u	ungrammatical
n e p u	ungrammatical
m ø h u	ungrammatical
ɟ a n o	ungrammatical
p i ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ y d u	ungrammatical
t a ʒ u	ungrammatical
v u d o	ungrammatical
f a dʒ u	ungrammatical
p y z ɯ	ungrammatical
h i m ø	ungrammatical
t ø l u	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o dʒ i	ungrammatical
r a j y	ungrammatical
v e b o	ungrammatical
h o v ø	ungrammatical
j a s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ k y	ungrammatical
j ø r o	ungrammatical
h e h o	ungrammatical
k ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
v a ɡ o	ungrammatical
z a z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i h ø	ungrammatical
k y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ b y	ungrammatical
h e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø p i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø m ø	ungrammatical
t o ɟ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h i b y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø z i	ungrammatical
j ø h ø	ungrammatical
f i f u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ b o	ungrammatical
t u n ø	ungrammatical
b o f y	ungrammatical
ʃ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
s ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a ɟ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ k i	ungrammatical
s e s ø	ungrammatical
n u k i	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
v y k ø	ungrammatical
k u r y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ k y	ungrammatical
f o f i	ungrammatical
ʎ a tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o t ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ d o	ungrammatical
t o k ɯ	ungrammatical
r i d o	ungrammatical
m e ʃ y	ungrammatical
k e n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u s y	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o z i	ungrammatical
n i n ɯ	ungrammatical
d u k y	ungrammatical
f ø v i	ungrammatical
v y k i	ungrammatical
dʒ u h i	ungrammatical
j y z ɯ	ungrammatical
j u j o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j y m i	ungrammatical
l o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y s ɯ	ungrammatical
f e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
f u j ɯ	ungrammatical
m a ʒ u	ungrammatical
b o ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʃ a z y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ v i	ungrammatical
j i ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u r i	ungrammatical
ʎ a l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u m i	ungrammatical
tʃ i z u	ungrammatical
v y k o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ m u	ungrammatical
ʃ y n ɯ	ungrammatical
s i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
r a tʃ o	ungrammatical
n e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ b i	ungrammatical
j y k i	ungrammatical
b e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ h i	ungrammatical
tʃ o f i	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɟ y	ungrammatical
l ø z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
j ø b u	ungrammatical
ʃ a s u	ungrammatical
ɡ o tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʃ o s ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
z y h i	ungrammatical
ɟ a k o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ y l u	ungrammatical
tʃ a s y	ungrammatical
j o dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø n i	ungrammatical
r a b ø	ungrammatical
z ø m o	ungrammatical
h u ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɡ a j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e s u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o v y	ungrammatical
j o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʃ y	ungrammatical
v e ʃ y	ungrammatical
n i tʃ y	ungrammatical
b e s ø	ungrammatical
t i tʃ u	ungrammatical
tʃ o s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
j a z o	ungrammatical
k y dʒ i	ungrammatical
p o r ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o j ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø p ø	ungrammatical
j ø j i	ungrammatical
v o r o	ungrammatical
h a ɟ i	ungrammatical
z ø v o	ungrammatical
b a j y	ungrammatical
ʎ e t o	ungrammatical
m a b y	ungrammatical
p a z o	ungrammatical
k e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
z ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
z ɯ p u	ungrammatical
b u m ø	ungrammatical
z ø j u	ungrammatical
f u dʒ i	ungrammatical
ɟ y d ɯ	ungrammatical
h y v ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ z o	ungrammatical
m e tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y m ø	ungrammatical
t i ʃ u	ungrammatical
z e ʃ o	ungrammatical
f o p i	ungrammatical
m e s y	ungrammatical
s o v y	ungrammatical
r u s ø	ungrammatical
ʒ e h ɯ	ungrammatical
r e t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ t y	ungrammatical
d ø p i	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p y k i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ h i	ungrammatical
p a b i	ungrammatical
d u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
l ɯ z u	ungrammatical
h e n y	ungrammatical
f u dʒ y	ungrammatical
b ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
h y ɟ o	ungrammatical
k e m o	ungrammatical
ɟ a s o	ungrammatical
k y ʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʎ y	ungrammatical
d a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
s ø t u	ungrammatical
s ɯ m i	ungrammatical
n o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
l u k ɯ	ungrammatical
d e j ɯ	ungrammatical
n u s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ l y	ungrammatical
b a m o	ungrammatical
j ɯ s u	ungrammatical
j i v o	ungrammatical
dʒ u p i	ungrammatical
ʒ i h ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ b y	ungrammatical
r u n o	ungrammatical
f y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ m i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø p i	ungrammatical
v a m o	ungrammatical
z o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i k y	ungrammatical
b i n u	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y p u	ungrammatical
k ɯ m y	ungrammatical
r e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø t ø	ungrammatical
v u s o	ungrammatical
p ɯ f y	ungrammatical
ɡ e v o	ungrammatical
ʃ y r i	ungrammatical
h u m ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o t i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
f e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ j u	ungrammatical
t u z ɯ	ungrammatical
l a ʃ i	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
d a s ø	ungrammatical
d y b u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø k u	ungrammatical
l i ʎ u	ungrammatical
v u t o	ungrammatical
l o s i	ungrammatical
t o r o	ungrammatical
z i ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ u p o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ f u	ungrammatical
p i b ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u b ø	ungrammatical
z e r o	ungrammatical
n o m ø	ungrammatical
b e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y k ø	ungrammatical
f a s i	ungrammatical
s i j ɯ	ungrammatical
p y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f o z o	ungrammatical
s y j ø	ungrammatical
m e ʒ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø j i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ p u	ungrammatical
h ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a t u	ungrammatical
k ɯ f y	ungrammatical
m a s u	ungrammatical
v o b ɯ	ungrammatical
n y t i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a v o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʒ o n ɯ	ungrammatical
h u k ɯ	ungrammatical
t i ʃ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ f o	ungrammatical
r e b o	ungrammatical
r a h ø	ungrammatical
h y ʎ u	ungrammatical
b a z y	ungrammatical
tʃ a v u	ungrammatical
m u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
m o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
p i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
s o b y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a v o	ungrammatical
v i f u	ungrammatical
m ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʎ o	ungrammatical
m o s ø	ungrammatical
h i r ø	ungrammatical
l e s u	ungrammatical
v i b ø	ungrammatical
l a ʎ o	ungrammatical
r u ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʎ a s y	ungrammatical
j i dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u r o	ungrammatical
h o d y	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʃ i b o	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y dʒ i	ungrammatical
k o ɡ y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ h o	ungrammatical
tʃ y k ɯ	ungrammatical
p o k ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p o dʒ o	ungrammatical
d ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ a t u	ungrammatical
z i d o	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
f o r i	ungrammatical
ʒ y k o	ungrammatical
d o ɟ i	ungrammatical
l ɯ v o	ungrammatical
ʎ e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø v u	ungrammatical
r a tʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
j e p ɯ	ungrammatical
n y j ø	ungrammatical
m i ɡ u	ungrammatical
p ɯ d o	ungrammatical
b y ʃ u	ungrammatical
r ɯ f u	ungrammatical
d e dʒ o	ungrammatical
b o ɡ y	ungrammatical
h a r i	ungrammatical
t ɯ z y	ungrammatical
n u l y	ungrammatical
n i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p u p i	ungrammatical
d a k ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ z i	ungrammatical
j i r y	ungrammatical
h e b o	ungrammatical
l e m y	ungrammatical
v ø k ø	ungrammatical
h y ʒ o	ungrammatical
m ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ k u	ungrammatical
dʒ y j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i k y	ungrammatical
z i n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɡ u	ungrammatical
s e m ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ v i	ungrammatical
k ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
j u b o	ungrammatical
v ø h o	ungrammatical
r a h y	ungrammatical
k i b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o r o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø r o	ungrammatical
ʒ a f o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ e h y	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
m i d o	ungrammatical
h u j ɯ	ungrammatical
z u t i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
k e n u	ungrammatical
z a t i	ungrammatical
ʒ o v o	ungrammatical
k o f ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o t ø	ungrammatical
h y l u	ungrammatical
ʃ a b y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɟ y dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ i s o	ungrammatical
t u m i	ungrammatical
p u t o	ungrammatical
d e k ø	ungrammatical
l a ʒ i	ungrammatical
m ɯ n i	ungrammatical
k u d i	ungrammatical
ɡ y r ɯ	ungrammatical
h e ʒ u	ungrammatical
d ø p o	ungrammatical
k ø k u	ungrammatical
d o l ɯ	ungrammatical
m ø f i	ungrammatical
s a n i	ungrammatical
z e l y	ungrammatical
h e t ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʃ u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø k i	ungrammatical
n a p i	ungrammatical
p i s o	ungrammatical
r ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e z y	ungrammatical
ʒ u t ɯ	ungrammatical
s o r i	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
m i dʒ u	ungrammatical
z o ɟ y	ungrammatical
r o m y	ungrammatical
ʎ i h u	ungrammatical
r u v o	ungrammatical
l a m y	ungrammatical
z ø f o	ungrammatical
v u j o	ungrammatical
v e z u	ungrammatical
m ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
t e n o	ungrammatical
h i ʎ y	ungrammatical
v a l ø	ungrammatical
s a j o	ungrammatical
ɡ a s ø	ungrammatical
b a ʒ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
z y s ɯ	ungrammatical
n e l u	ungrammatical
h a v u	ungrammatical
m e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a z o	ungrammatical
z ø b ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e r ø	ungrammatical
p y d ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
p o ʒ i	ungrammatical
r a z i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ z u	ungrammatical
m ø b i	ungrammatical
ɟ u l o	ungrammatical
b a r y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʒ o	ungrammatical
l e t ø	ungrammatical
r y h ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ h i	ungrammatical
ʎ u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s ø m u	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
h a ɡ y	ungrammatical
s ø f i	ungrammatical
ɟ o p o	ungrammatical
n e m u	ungrammatical
d a z u	ungrammatical
z o j i	ungrammatical
s y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø d i	ungrammatical
t o ʃ i	ungrammatical
p y z u	ungrammatical
p o r ɯ	ungrammatical
z a l u	ungrammatical
n o k i	ungrammatical
p ø j i	ungrammatical
t a k ø	ungrammatical
p ø d o	ungrammatical
m o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
ɡ a r u	ungrammatical
d ø h o	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʒ o	ungrammatical
b y ɡ i	ungrammatical
m y ɟ i	ungrammatical
n u h ɯ	ungrammatical
m y l o	ungrammatical
v e ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o k ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
h o b ɯ	ungrammatical
s i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
v o p o	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʃ u	ungrammatical
l o z ɯ	ungrammatical
t y f u	ungrammatical
v i v ɯ	ungrammatical
f o p y	ungrammatical
z e k o	ungrammatical
v o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
v y z o	ungrammatical
d ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
j u r o	ungrammatical
m e r u	ungrammatical
p y tʃ u	ungrammatical
r i n u	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
p ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h ø p u	ungrammatical
d o k ø	ungrammatical
v i p u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
p y p o	ungrammatical
ɟ y d i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u k i	ungrammatical
h u dʒ o	ungrammatical
b i b o	ungrammatical
dʒ o n ø	ungrammatical
h e ʎ u	ungrammatical
f i k u	ungrammatical
ʎ y k u	ungrammatical
v ø p o	ungrammatical
h i h ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j o v ɯ	ungrammatical
p u ɟ i	ungrammatical
f ø p u	ungrammatical
h o ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɡ y v o	ungrammatical
m y t ø	ungrammatical
r o n o	ungrammatical
n e b u	ungrammatical
v ɯ m u	ungrammatical
n y s u	ungrammatical
z i l ɯ	ungrammatical
p a ɡ i	ungrammatical
p y m ø	ungrammatical
z y h u	ungrammatical
s o n y	ungrammatical
p e dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
t e r ø	ungrammatical
n e r u	ungrammatical
h ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø t o	ungrammatical
s y t i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
h ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
t y s ø	ungrammatical
k y r ɯ	ungrammatical
k a ɡ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ v u	ungrammatical
m a k i	ungrammatical
d i k y	ungrammatical
b o l o	ungrammatical
p a t u	ungrammatical
ɡ a ʎ i	ungrammatical
b i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t a f u	ungrammatical
b y s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø l ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
d i z o	ungrammatical
r ɯ m y	ungrammatical
ɟ i s y	ungrammatical
ʃ a z o	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʒ i d u	ungrammatical
n ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
h o b y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
d e j ø	ungrammatical
h y f o	ungrammatical
d y ɟ u	ungrammatical
t a d u	ungrammatical
v u h o	ungrammatical
n ɯ d y	ungrammatical
r a j i	ungrammatical
n e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
f u ɟ o	ungrammatical
h o t ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
z y t i	ungrammatical
ʃ a j y	ungrammatical
t e ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʎ u z o	ungrammatical
f o t o	ungrammatical
m i m y	ungrammatical
n o n ø	ungrammatical
m a v o	ungrammatical
k o n i	ungrammatical
ʒ a h o	ungrammatical
ʎ e j ɯ	ungrammatical
f i tʃ o	ungrammatical
r a r u	ungrammatical
ɡ a z y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
b a j ø	ungrammatical
k a ɡ i	ungrammatical
b ø s i	ungrammatical
d a r u	ungrammatical
k u t ø	ungrammatical
d u ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø k o	ungrammatical
v ø b u	ungrammatical
tʃ e b u	ungrammatical
h u ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʃ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
k i l y	ungrammatical
ʃ i m y	ungrammatical
ɟ y z o	ungrammatical
tʃ o p y	ungrammatical
p y n o	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
t y d i	ungrammatical
z e r ɯ	ungrammatical
h u z o	ungrammatical
s u z ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y r u	ungrammatical
s y z u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ f o	ungrammatical
n e d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y j ɯ	ungrammatical
h y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
m o t o	ungrammatical
ʎ a s i	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɟ u	ungrammatical
f ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
n y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v a r y	ungrammatical
s o ʎ i	ungrammatical
m o n ø	ungrammatical
d y f o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø j o	ungrammatical
t i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ u z ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ j y	ungrammatical
l a p o	ungrammatical
s ø b o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
d e k o	ungrammatical
m ø n i	ungrammatical
h ø d i	ungrammatical
v e h y	ungrammatical
k a l i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
t o ɡ o	ungrammatical
r y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʒ u	ungrammatical
k u ɟ o	ungrammatical
r a p ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
f i p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
l a f i	ungrammatical
k y h u	ungrammatical
k e v y	ungrammatical
ʎ a k o	ungrammatical
t e ʎ y	ungrammatical
k a f i	ungrammatical
r ø t u	ungrammatical
h e ʒ o	ungrammatical
r y j ɯ	ungrammatical
d i p y	ungrammatical
m ø p ø	ungrammatical
d y h o	ungrammatical
n ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
h ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
s a l i	ungrammatical
v ø z ø	ungrammatical
h i b ɯ	ungrammatical
b y k ɯ	ungrammatical
s i tʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ k i	ungrammatical
t ø l i	ungrammatical
z e d u	ungrammatical
ʎ a b y	ungrammatical
j e z ɯ	ungrammatical
m ø p u	ungrammatical
ɡ o tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ o v ø	ungrammatical
s i ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ a j o	ungrammatical
ʎ o p y	ungrammatical
l o h ɯ	ungrammatical
d u v i	ungrammatical
l o d y	ungrammatical
t o z y	ungrammatical
j ø l o	ungrammatical
z e d y	ungrammatical
p u d o	ungrammatical
s e t ø	ungrammatical
k ø l o	ungrammatical
tʃ u t o	ungrammatical
j ø h i	ungrammatical
ʃ u z y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʃ e r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø f ø	ungrammatical
h y r ø	ungrammatical
b ø t i	ungrammatical
h ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
z i ʃ o	ungrammatical
n i b y	ungrammatical
v o h ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø b u	ungrammatical
t y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s o tʃ y	ungrammatical
f i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j a dʒ i	ungrammatical
d ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z u z y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ j o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ d i	ungrammatical
v a dʒ u	ungrammatical
ɡ y n i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
z i ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø k o	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
k o b ɯ	ungrammatical
b i ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʎ e p u	ungrammatical
ɡ y p ɯ	ungrammatical
l a p i	ungrammatical
j u tʃ o	ungrammatical
v i n o	ungrammatical
s ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
s a p ø	ungrammatical
k ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
s i ɟ y	ungrammatical
t ɯ l i	ungrammatical
p o r i	ungrammatical
m i h ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ l o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ʎ i t u	ungrammatical
k u r o	ungrammatical
h ø d o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o r y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø n o	ungrammatical
p u tʃ o	ungrammatical
v y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a v i	ungrammatical
n u m o	ungrammatical
v e m u	ungrammatical
ʎ y r i	ungrammatical
r y dʒ u	ungrammatical
n u d ɯ	ungrammatical
b o v o	ungrammatical
t e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a dʒ u	ungrammatical
k a r y	ungrammatical
p u r ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɟ y	ungrammatical
j a tʃ u	ungrammatical
n e tʃ o	ungrammatical
d ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
f o k ɯ	ungrammatical
t a j u	ungrammatical
ɡ y b ø	ungrammatical
s e j o	ungrammatical
dʒ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
j e h o	ungrammatical
p ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
s i z u	ungrammatical
ʃ u s y	ungrammatical
ʎ u h ɯ	ungrammatical
l a n y	ungrammatical
r i s y	ungrammatical
m o d i	ungrammatical
ɡ e d y	ungrammatical
v ɯ p i	ungrammatical
t e h u	ungrammatical
z o v y	ungrammatical
tʃ e v u	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʒ u	ungrammatical
ɡ y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ p y	ungrammatical
p e t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e d y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø j o	ungrammatical
j ø v u	ungrammatical
h o d i	ungrammatical
v a ɟ y	ungrammatical
tʃ o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
t u l i	ungrammatical
t o ɡ i	ungrammatical
m i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o l ø	ungrammatical
s e z ø	ungrammatical
p y j o	ungrammatical
d o m o	ungrammatical
b i v y	ungrammatical
m a j o	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ o k y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
k u m ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
r u dʒ y	ungrammatical
l u s ø	ungrammatical
b ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
k a ʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ u s o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
b y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
j a m u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʎ i	ungrammatical
b a p y	ungrammatical
ʒ o z o	ungrammatical
s a ʒ u	ungrammatical
f o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
l y h o	ungrammatical
n y l i	ungrammatical
k a k o	ungrammatical
d e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ f o	ungrammatical
m ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
b u m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
l y l i	ungrammatical
n i p ø	ungrammatical
t y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r i ʒ y	ungrammatical
k ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
r a t ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
f y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
n o m i	ungrammatical
ɟ i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ a f y	ungrammatical
p u k y	ungrammatical
k i dʒ u	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ o k o	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i m y	ungrammatical
ʒ o d ø	ungrammatical
d u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u z i	ungrammatical
ɡ a r y	ungrammatical
l ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
v e tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ i r y	ungrammatical
s i p ɯ	ungrammatical
r e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
d e k y	ungrammatical
s ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ j i	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
dʒ i k ɯ	ungrammatical
f u z y	ungrammatical
dʒ i s y	ungrammatical
dʒ y d u	ungrammatical
k u ɡ i	ungrammatical
r i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
j u t ø	ungrammatical
p y b o	ungrammatical
ɟ e r o	ungrammatical
tʃ a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø p u	ungrammatical
ʒ e l o	ungrammatical
h i l y	ungrammatical
b u p o	ungrammatical
dʒ u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r y m u	ungrammatical
s a tʃ u	ungrammatical
v o v ø	ungrammatical
j ø z i	ungrammatical
ʃ a r o	ungrammatical
n u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
z o s ɯ	ungrammatical
k y t i	ungrammatical
v i b o	ungrammatical
b o ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e dʒ y	ungrammatical
t o b y	ungrammatical
d y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
f i d u	ungrammatical
n o v y	ungrammatical
r o s ø	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ y h o	ungrammatical
tʃ i z o	ungrammatical
dʒ o k i	ungrammatical
p o tʃ y	ungrammatical
l ø s u	ungrammatical
t y ʒ u	ungrammatical
m ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ɟ e t y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø k ø	ungrammatical
b ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
b o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ z y	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʃ y	ungrammatical
s ø n u	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o r o	ungrammatical
b i ʎ u	ungrammatical
t a ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ f u	ungrammatical
b y s ø	ungrammatical
l o p o	ungrammatical
l u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r i k u	ungrammatical
m e l o	ungrammatical
h ɯ f u	ungrammatical
ʎ i f ø	ungrammatical
j y tʃ o	ungrammatical
l a l y	ungrammatical
p o b o	ungrammatical
k ɯ m o	ungrammatical
s ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʎ y b ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ j i	ungrammatical
h e v y	ungrammatical
j ø l ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ f u	ungrammatical
r o t y	ungrammatical
ʎ a h y	ungrammatical
h o n o	ungrammatical
f ɯ f i	ungrammatical
b i k y	ungrammatical
l ø r o	ungrammatical
l a n i	ungrammatical
j u tʃ i	ungrammatical
l u s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y m ɯ	ungrammatical
f i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ e v y	ungrammatical
z a r y	ungrammatical
p a p ø	ungrammatical
v e r u	ungrammatical
d u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p ø t ø	ungrammatical
r y v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
d e n o	ungrammatical
m i k o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ p o	ungrammatical
v o k ø	ungrammatical
v a ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y s ø	ungrammatical
t ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø d o	ungrammatical
v a b y	ungrammatical
h ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ʎ i n ø	ungrammatical
d u d y	ungrammatical
l o ʒ y	ungrammatical
l y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ n y	ungrammatical
h i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e r ø	ungrammatical
k y ɡ o	ungrammatical
l ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø n ø	ungrammatical
l i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
d y l o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t e l u	ungrammatical
v ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e tʃ o	ungrammatical
n y d ɯ	ungrammatical
m i k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o n o	ungrammatical
r a t y	ungrammatical
d o r y	ungrammatical
h y s i	ungrammatical
m e p y	ungrammatical
ʃ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
n a h y	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɟ o	ungrammatical
v o ʃ i	ungrammatical
v ø m ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ d o	ungrammatical
m ɯ n y	ungrammatical
h e dʒ o	ungrammatical
d a t y	ungrammatical
ɟ y n u	ungrammatical
ʒ a f u	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ o k ø	ungrammatical
r o m ø	ungrammatical
d u tʃ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
r ø s o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
v u k y	ungrammatical
ʒ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
n ø p o	ungrammatical
k e r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
d e ɟ o	ungrammatical
f y ɡ u	ungrammatical
s e dʒ o	ungrammatical
m u b y	ungrammatical
z o k ɯ	ungrammatical
n y m ɯ	ungrammatical
z o tʃ y	ungrammatical
f y p i	ungrammatical
ʒ o f ø	ungrammatical
b u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø l o	ungrammatical
z y n ø	ungrammatical
s y l ø	ungrammatical
b u ɡ i	ungrammatical
l i p y	ungrammatical
b o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʎ u	ungrammatical
tʃ i n y	ungrammatical
s ø n ø	ungrammatical
d u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ t o	ungrammatical
d u h ø	ungrammatical
z a ʃ i	ungrammatical
v e z ø	ungrammatical
m ø h i	ungrammatical
r y n o	ungrammatical
z i dʒ u	ungrammatical
s e tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ i b ø	ungrammatical
m e f u	ungrammatical
z a k ø	ungrammatical
p a l y	ungrammatical
ɡ o j o	ungrammatical
s e n u	ungrammatical
f a j o	ungrammatical
d y f ɯ	ungrammatical
k a d u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ r i	ungrammatical
r y m ɯ	ungrammatical
s a h o	ungrammatical
h ɯ m y	ungrammatical
h i n ø	ungrammatical
d a l y	ungrammatical
j i p u	ungrammatical
dʒ e f ø	ungrammatical
f a ɡ u	ungrammatical
k e m u	ungrammatical
p ø p u	ungrammatical
ɟ o v o	ungrammatical
ʒ y k ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u h o	ungrammatical
r ø p u	ungrammatical
d y h u	ungrammatical
ɟ e p y	ungrammatical
t a b o	ungrammatical
j i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
k o j ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a m y	ungrammatical
ʃ e dʒ u	ungrammatical
v y z i	ungrammatical
h y v ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɡ y	ungrammatical
tʃ y f u	ungrammatical
z ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
m i z ɯ	ungrammatical
b y r o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø s ø	ungrammatical
z u t y	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
r ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʒ i	ungrammatical
t u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
n y ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
m i j ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
l o n y	ungrammatical
ɡ e k ø	ungrammatical
b ø k u	ungrammatical
t o dʒ i	ungrammatical
n i tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ e m ø	ungrammatical
v u dʒ i	ungrammatical
v i h o	ungrammatical
b o d ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø j o	ungrammatical
h o d ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
dʒ y dʒ u	ungrammatical
m a l i	ungrammatical
ɡ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɟ u	ungrammatical
n a b y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
p a h u	ungrammatical
v y m u	ungrammatical
k u f y	ungrammatical
ɟ i n u	ungrammatical
d y p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o m ɯ	ungrammatical
h i t u	ungrammatical
m a ɟ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
p o s o	ungrammatical
z ø m i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ o ɟ y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ r o	ungrammatical
p u m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ r o	ungrammatical
b i r ɯ	ungrammatical
j o d o	ungrammatical
m o p ɯ	ungrammatical
t u tʃ i	ungrammatical
k y z ɯ	ungrammatical
p y t ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u p ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i v o	ungrammatical
b u ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ o d i	ungrammatical
n e ɡ u	ungrammatical
m e f y	ungrammatical
h y b i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø r u	ungrammatical
n y n o	ungrammatical
k ø d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u k ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ a n i	ungrammatical
p o f ø	ungrammatical
j i r u	ungrammatical
h ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a t o	ungrammatical
ʃ o n i	ungrammatical
f o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ r u	ungrammatical
d a m o	ungrammatical
s y k i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
f e l ɯ	ungrammatical
s i b y	ungrammatical
p o ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʎ y	ungrammatical
t i f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e h ø	ungrammatical
j a r o	ungrammatical
n a f i	ungrammatical
ʎ u v o	ungrammatical
z ø m ø	ungrammatical
d o tʃ i	ungrammatical
k ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
k ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
j u m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
m e h o	ungrammatical
z a ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e f ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p i	ungrammatical
n ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ i l ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ t o	ungrammatical
tʃ a t i	ungrammatical
s a f i	ungrammatical
l o j ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ v o	ungrammatical
p a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
v a j ø	ungrammatical
b ø t u	ungrammatical
ʎ o l i	ungrammatical
f ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
k a v ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø m i	ungrammatical
ɟ e d ɯ	ungrammatical
f o m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p y ʎ u	ungrammatical
p ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i h ɯ	ungrammatical
k a ʒ u	ungrammatical
h y ʒ u	ungrammatical
k a r u	ungrammatical
t ø v ø	ungrammatical
l ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
b i p o	ungrammatical
l ɯ s i	ungrammatical
dʒ y h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o l o	ungrammatical
ɡ o z y	ungrammatical
t y j o	ungrammatical
ʎ u s o	ungrammatical
f a z o	ungrammatical
d u p i	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʃ u	ungrammatical
s y v ø	ungrammatical
t e h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y p i	ungrammatical
s ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
z ɯ k y	ungrammatical
l y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j y s i	ungrammatical
z y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
z o t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ b y	ungrammatical
v y ɡ o	ungrammatical
b ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
h a z u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø s o	ungrammatical
k u b ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ u m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a v ø	ungrammatical
d u ɟ o	ungrammatical
d ø f u	ungrammatical
tʃ y dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʎ y	ungrammatical
p ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
p i s y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ s u	ungrammatical
k ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u dʒ o	ungrammatical
p u ɡ i	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e k o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø l i	ungrammatical
ʎ i f y	ungrammatical
f ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i tʃ o	ungrammatical
m ø h ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʒ u	ungrammatical
b a d o	ungrammatical
v a d u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø m o	ungrammatical
z u l ɯ	ungrammatical
m a ʎ i	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
k ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
z ø s u	ungrammatical
m ø z i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u n y	ungrammatical
d ø b ø	ungrammatical
l o s ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i j u	ungrammatical
ɟ e t ø	ungrammatical
l y tʃ i	ungrammatical
l y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t y t u	ungrammatical
v a p y	ungrammatical
dʒ e h u	ungrammatical
z i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
t o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ t i	ungrammatical
s e v y	ungrammatical
z a dʒ i	ungrammatical
k ɯ t i	ungrammatical
h y h ø	ungrammatical
v o ʒ o	ungrammatical
d u h y	ungrammatical
r u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
s o p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e t o	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r y ʃ u	ungrammatical
l u ʎ y	ungrammatical
v o ɟ y	ungrammatical
k u dʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ u f ɯ	ungrammatical
d e l u	ungrammatical
l ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
m a ɡ u	ungrammatical
t i tʃ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
v y m ɯ	ungrammatical
b e f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
t e z ɯ	ungrammatical
l e n o	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
t y p ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e dʒ y	ungrammatical
f a f ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p ø f ø	ungrammatical
k y ʎ o	ungrammatical
s y t ø	ungrammatical
r i j o	ungrammatical
j u j ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø m o	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɟ y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
d a dʒ y	ungrammatical
d o v i	ungrammatical
tʃ o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z o ɟ i	ungrammatical
r ø f ø	ungrammatical
n i b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ u m y	ungrammatical
ʃ y d u	ungrammatical
j ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
t ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ d i	ungrammatical
ʒ o dʒ y	ungrammatical
m e s u	ungrammatical
n ɯ f u	ungrammatical
n u d y	ungrammatical
m e h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a k i	ungrammatical
z o l i	ungrammatical
r y ʒ u	ungrammatical
s i ʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ i j ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
dʒ a tʃ i	ungrammatical
ɟ o k ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e f u	ungrammatical
h ø s ø	ungrammatical
p e z o	ungrammatical
j o n i	ungrammatical
k o t o	ungrammatical
z u m y	ungrammatical
k i z u	ungrammatical
t ɯ l o	ungrammatical
f u m ø	ungrammatical
l ø b ø	ungrammatical
z o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
r e r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
f o k y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
m i v u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
k a r ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø z ø	ungrammatical
f e j o	ungrammatical
d e m y	ungrammatical
f ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o k ɯ	ungrammatical
t a m u	ungrammatical
f u ʎ o	ungrammatical
r ø k i	ungrammatical
ʃ y r ɯ	ungrammatical
m i ɡ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
v u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
b ø h i	ungrammatical
n u s o	ungrammatical
tʃ o dʒ i	ungrammatical
t a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h i b u	ungrammatical
tʃ e l ø	ungrammatical
n y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
t e ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ u d y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ʒ i m y	ungrammatical
dʒ e j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u d y	ungrammatical
s ɯ f y	ungrammatical
tʃ i z ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ i b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
m ø d u	ungrammatical
n ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s i ʎ u	ungrammatical
d a m i	ungrammatical
ɡ e t ɯ	ungrammatical
v o t ɯ	ungrammatical
f u k o	ungrammatical
tʃ u p ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ h y	ungrammatical
dʒ u r ø	ungrammatical
r o z ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
b o t i	ungrammatical
l ɯ r y	ungrammatical
r u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e b o	ungrammatical
tʃ u p y	ungrammatical
r o p y	ungrammatical
ɡ i r y	ungrammatical
k i h o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø t o	ungrammatical
ʃ i t ø	ungrammatical
s ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʃ a dʒ y	ungrammatical
l i l y	ungrammatical
l y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
l ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɡ y r o	ungrammatical
b a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f o d y	ungrammatical
b a f i	ungrammatical
v y dʒ i	ungrammatical
s e r y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a d o	ungrammatical
t u ɡ y	ungrammatical
b a ʃ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʃ o	ungrammatical
h u d o	ungrammatical
s o k ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ s u	ungrammatical
ʒ y p ɯ	ungrammatical
l y p o	ungrammatical
r u p ø	ungrammatical
n a p o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
dʒ u l y	ungrammatical
j o s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h y n o	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
j u n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ r i	ungrammatical
p e t u	ungrammatical
tʃ o b ø	ungrammatical
h a m ø	ungrammatical
b e n y	ungrammatical
z i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n u m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a m ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ v o	ungrammatical
dʒ i j o	ungrammatical
s i t o	ungrammatical
l ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
s a d o	ungrammatical
n ø j u	ungrammatical
j e ɟ o	ungrammatical
d u tʃ y	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
p e f u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ r u	ungrammatical
m o h ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ e dʒ u	ungrammatical
z ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
d y n ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b u ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ b u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
k e ɟ u	ungrammatical
b o j i	ungrammatical
n u ɡ y	ungrammatical
m a tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i t u	ungrammatical
b ø z u	ungrammatical
t y r ø	ungrammatical
b i s y	ungrammatical
j u s i	ungrammatical
p a l u	ungrammatical
b y d o	ungrammatical
b o v ɯ	ungrammatical
m y d o	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k o ɟ i	ungrammatical
s o p y	ungrammatical
s u l ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
d u ɟ i	ungrammatical
t y k i	ungrammatical
l e r u	ungrammatical
t u j ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e z o	ungrammatical
f y r ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ t i	ungrammatical
j o k y	ungrammatical
n a dʒ i	ungrammatical
z a ʒ y	ungrammatical
m ø l o	ungrammatical
v i b ɯ	ungrammatical
j a ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
d u k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i h o	ungrammatical
tʃ a z y	ungrammatical
r e t o	ungrammatical
j o j ɯ	ungrammatical
n i f u	ungrammatical
l e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
t ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
f ø l u	ungrammatical
f o ɡ i	ungrammatical
z e h y	ungrammatical
s u v y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
h ɯ r o	ungrammatical
ʒ o b y	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɡ o	ungrammatical
n u ɡ i	ungrammatical
p o k i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
d y t u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
z e p u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø m u	ungrammatical
t u d ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
h e dʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
f i m u	ungrammatical
s ø k u	ungrammatical
l ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø t i	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
j i r o	ungrammatical
ʒ e k ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p u	ungrammatical
h i s u	ungrammatical
ʎ e h y	ungrammatical
h ɯ f i	ungrammatical
r ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʒ y	ungrammatical
f a ʃ i	ungrammatical
b o n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
p a s ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
l o v o	ungrammatical
t o s ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ j u	ungrammatical
ʎ o v y	ungrammatical
ʎ u j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø d ø	ungrammatical
t u k y	ungrammatical
h a m u	ungrammatical
f u t y	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
f i ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʎ u t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e h y	ungrammatical
k ø h ø	ungrammatical
h u v i	ungrammatical
k u h i	ungrammatical
dʒ i tʃ u	ungrammatical
b a tʃ i	ungrammatical
h a p o	ungrammatical
s o ʎ o	ungrammatical
k i m y	ungrammatical
d ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
n i p o	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʒ y	ungrammatical
t o h ɯ	ungrammatical
b e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʎ i p ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y b ɯ	ungrammatical
h e k u	ungrammatical
dʒ a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m o d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ z i	ungrammatical
l ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ʒ a f i	ungrammatical
d ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n a ʎ u	ungrammatical
p ø j o	ungrammatical
z a tʃ y	ungrammatical
h u r i	ungrammatical
s u t i	ungrammatical
z y n o	ungrammatical
m y s ø	ungrammatical
v o t y	ungrammatical
d i n o	ungrammatical
b o ʎ i	ungrammatical
v u ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o v ɯ	ungrammatical
l o n o	ungrammatical
dʒ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʒ i	ungrammatical
d y v i	ungrammatical
ɟ a r i	ungrammatical
ʎ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
b ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o j y	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
j y h ɯ	ungrammatical
d e t o	ungrammatical
s o h ɯ	ungrammatical
v y d u	ungrammatical
t e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ m u	ungrammatical
n ɯ s o	ungrammatical
s e ʒ u	ungrammatical
m y t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i v ɯ	ungrammatical
z y k u	ungrammatical
j a tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e v ø	ungrammatical
z e m o	ungrammatical
s ø k i	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø n i	ungrammatical
b a ʒ y	ungrammatical
z y b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
j i m o	ungrammatical
k e p ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e m y	ungrammatical
d o j ɯ	ungrammatical
v e h u	ungrammatical
dʒ e s u	ungrammatical
b u t y	ungrammatical
p e t o	ungrammatical
ʒ i f u	ungrammatical
ɟ i h y	ungrammatical
k e dʒ y	ungrammatical
k a h i	ungrammatical
b o s i	ungrammatical
s ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y h i	ungrammatical
d o j ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ p o	ungrammatical
b o h ø	ungrammatical
r y s i	ungrammatical
t a j y	ungrammatical
p u j y	ungrammatical
f u tʃ i	ungrammatical
t e d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
s y p o	ungrammatical
ɟ o dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
d ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
n o r ɯ	ungrammatical
z a l o	ungrammatical
ʒ i b ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a z o	ungrammatical
p u v ɯ	ungrammatical
s e ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
k ø z o	ungrammatical
h e t u	ungrammatical
s y n i	ungrammatical
v u z i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t ø	ungrammatical
v i d o	ungrammatical
k u ɡ o	ungrammatical
p i s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ r i	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a k y	ungrammatical
ʃ i v ø	ungrammatical
r y v u	ungrammatical
ʒ a s y	ungrammatical
z y ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ y d ø	ungrammatical
v ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø z o	ungrammatical
h a ʃ i	ungrammatical
f y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f u m o	ungrammatical
f i b o	ungrammatical
d a ʃ o	ungrammatical
t ø n ø	ungrammatical
l a f ø	ungrammatical
n a n i	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m y d u	ungrammatical
m o h ø	ungrammatical
h i p y	ungrammatical
s i h ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
b ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
b ɯ h o	ungrammatical
p i ɡ u	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
m y n i	ungrammatical
j y ʒ i	ungrammatical
n y v ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u b y	ungrammatical
t y v i	ungrammatical
j o n o	ungrammatical
n a r u	ungrammatical
l a ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʒ y	ungrammatical
n i d ø	ungrammatical
s a ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʒ a b i	ungrammatical
k o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ s u	ungrammatical
j y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
l a ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
h ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʎ o	ungrammatical
f o f y	ungrammatical
r y f o	ungrammatical
d ɯ b u	ungrammatical
r u n y	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
r a ʒ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ m o	ungrammatical
d ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
z o ɟ o	ungrammatical
d a k u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø s o	ungrammatical
ɡ i d y	ungrammatical
v ø f u	ungrammatical
n ø s ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k u ʒ i	ungrammatical
s ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
f ø f o	ungrammatical
ʎ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u j ɯ	ungrammatical
d e f ø	ungrammatical
d ø t u	ungrammatical
ɟ a ɡ i	ungrammatical
n u t ɯ	ungrammatical
j a z i	ungrammatical
d y tʃ u	ungrammatical
f y k ɯ	ungrammatical
b y t o	ungrammatical
ɡ i t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ h y	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
k a b i	ungrammatical
ʃ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
f u d y	ungrammatical
ʒ u n ɯ	ungrammatical
l a dʒ y	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ u t y	ungrammatical
ʃ y d ø	ungrammatical
l u ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ a v ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y m u	ungrammatical
m a b i	ungrammatical
l a s o	ungrammatical
n ɯ l o	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n u n o	ungrammatical
t u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f ø s u	ungrammatical
ɟ a p y	ungrammatical
f ø t o	ungrammatical
b o dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
j y z u	ungrammatical
p ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
d u z o	ungrammatical
t a b i	ungrammatical
z i f u	ungrammatical
b u ɟ y	ungrammatical
t u l o	ungrammatical
f i r o	ungrammatical
k u d ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
z ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
p i f y	ungrammatical
z a k u	ungrammatical
h u n y	ungrammatical
z ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʒ a r y	ungrammatical
ʃ u dʒ o	ungrammatical
n ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
f a p y	ungrammatical
l ɯ z i	ungrammatical
ʃ e j ɯ	ungrammatical
s e r ɯ	ungrammatical
b u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
f ø z ø	ungrammatical
l i j ɯ	ungrammatical
v e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
k y ɡ u	ungrammatical
m ø t i	ungrammatical
s ɯ p i	ungrammatical
ɡ y dʒ o	ungrammatical
s i m ø	ungrammatical
d e d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y j u	ungrammatical
d y ʎ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ n i	ungrammatical
n ø b i	ungrammatical
ɡ u p y	ungrammatical
r ø k u	ungrammatical
ʃ y j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ h i	ungrammatical
l i n o	ungrammatical
j a f o	ungrammatical
m a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y p ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ l u	ungrammatical
s u b o	ungrammatical
k ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
v i p ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i l u	ungrammatical
p ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b e d ø	ungrammatical
d e n ø	ungrammatical
l y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k o f ø	ungrammatical
v i n ɯ	ungrammatical
m o ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʃ e z ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʒ a h u	ungrammatical
k u s i	ungrammatical
n i ɟ y	ungrammatical
n e k ø	ungrammatical
k a d ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ h y	ungrammatical
tʃ e k u	ungrammatical
dʒ y s ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ j y	ungrammatical
ʎ i t o	ungrammatical
n ø d ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
f u r ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
n a h u	ungrammatical
k i ɟ o	ungrammatical
b ø s o	ungrammatical
t u ʃ o	ungrammatical
s e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
f a ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o f ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i k ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ p y	ungrammatical
ʎ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
s i t u	ungrammatical
l ɯ j o	ungrammatical
s u s ɯ	ungrammatical
k i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a k ø	ungrammatical
l o ɡ i	ungrammatical
n y j o	ungrammatical
ɡ o h o	ungrammatical
b y dʒ i	ungrammatical
l ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
f u ɟ i	ungrammatical
l u n i	ungrammatical
z i s o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø f i	ungrammatical
s i t y	ungrammatical
v y s o	ungrammatical
p o ʎ o	ungrammatical
d i p ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ k u	ungrammatical
h i p ø	ungrammatical
s u s i	ungrammatical
m u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø n o	ungrammatical
k u t y	ungrammatical
s i j y	ungrammatical
s e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
k u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n e s u	ungrammatical
b y n o	ungrammatical
h ø h o	ungrammatical
n a n u	ungrammatical
t ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
h u z i	ungrammatical
v ø r i	ungrammatical
j ø t o	ungrammatical
ɡ u z i	ungrammatical
p u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ d u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
d a m y	ungrammatical
l u r i	ungrammatical
j a ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
p e v ɯ	ungrammatical
b a p o	ungrammatical
d ø r u	ungrammatical
v y ɡ i	ungrammatical
n e t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u k o	ungrammatical
ʎ e m u	ungrammatical
l o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
h e d ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a d ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y t ø	ungrammatical
b a t y	ungrammatical
v a s i	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
h y t u	ungrammatical
t y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
t u h ø	ungrammatical
s ø v i	ungrammatical
ʃ e k ø	ungrammatical
f u p i	ungrammatical
k u z i	ungrammatical
m y k u	ungrammatical
ɟ a f ø	ungrammatical
n y dʒ i	ungrammatical
h o b ø	ungrammatical
d e b o	ungrammatical
ɟ a m o	ungrammatical
d u ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʒ a b y	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d o v ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u b y	ungrammatical
h y m i	ungrammatical
f u n y	ungrammatical
p i t u	ungrammatical
h i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o k y	ungrammatical
dʒ y b o	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
l e ʎ u	ungrammatical
f e d y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
m i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s u k ø	ungrammatical
n o b y	ungrammatical
j i d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o h o	ungrammatical
d u ʒ i	ungrammatical
z ø t i	ungrammatical
ɡ y r i	ungrammatical
ʃ o p y	ungrammatical
ʃ i t u	ungrammatical
tʃ y d ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i f y	ungrammatical
ɟ i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
h e ɡ o	ungrammatical
z y ʎ i	ungrammatical
j e j y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø r u	ungrammatical
d ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
r y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
m e j u	ungrammatical
f y p u	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
r a l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
f i j ø	ungrammatical
z e d ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ z o	ungrammatical
f u k i	ungrammatical
b e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʎ y	ungrammatical
b y dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø v i	ungrammatical
s u ɡ i	ungrammatical
j a t o	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
dʒ u d i	ungrammatical
d u f o	ungrammatical
ɡ e z o	ungrammatical
d ø r o	ungrammatical
h u b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
k i ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø j o	ungrammatical
f a p u	ungrammatical
r ɯ t i	ungrammatical
r e b ɯ	ungrammatical
p i m o	ungrammatical
ɡ a m u	ungrammatical
s o s ɯ	ungrammatical
k u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n i z u	ungrammatical
f e r ɯ	ungrammatical
d a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
f e s y	ungrammatical
k u s ɯ	ungrammatical
s i r y	ungrammatical
s e dʒ u	ungrammatical
t u ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ u m y	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
z u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o d o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
z u f ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
j i n u	ungrammatical
ɡ a tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
m u h ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ h u	ungrammatical
j y p ɯ	ungrammatical
s i ʃ o	ungrammatical
m a z u	ungrammatical
ɡ y v ø	ungrammatical
p ø l u	ungrammatical
v i dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i j ø	ungrammatical
p e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ u d o	ungrammatical
z e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø p i	ungrammatical
ʎ y f i	ungrammatical
z u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y m u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
m ø p i	ungrammatical
r i m y	ungrammatical
l y f u	ungrammatical
n ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
s u z y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p o n o	ungrammatical
k a b o	ungrammatical
b u l o	ungrammatical
ʒ a n u	ungrammatical
ɟ e h ø	ungrammatical
v u s ø	ungrammatical
l u ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
r e ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ a m o	ungrammatical
f ɯ z o	ungrammatical
b a s o	ungrammatical
d ø m ø	ungrammatical
k o p i	ungrammatical
h i d o	ungrammatical
h e m ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
p a ʎ u	ungrammatical
v a f u	ungrammatical
n a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
f o j y	ungrammatical
t o p o	ungrammatical
k u b y	ungrammatical
d a l ø	ungrammatical
p u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
d u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u k ɯ	ungrammatical
j a n u	ungrammatical
j o p ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
z u v i	ungrammatical
s a b o	ungrammatical
s e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ j i	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o z ɯ	ungrammatical
h o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h y p o	ungrammatical
k ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
j y r u	ungrammatical
tʃ u dʒ i	ungrammatical
t ø s o	ungrammatical
ɟ i l y	ungrammatical
ʃ y v ɯ	ungrammatical
h e z y	ungrammatical
r o r ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ i k y	ungrammatical
h e j ɯ	ungrammatical
k u v y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø z ø	ungrammatical
h y h ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e j y	ungrammatical
ʒ e f u	ungrammatical
h y s o	ungrammatical
m ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s i s y	ungrammatical
j e r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a z ø	ungrammatical
h ø r o	ungrammatical
d ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
r y s ø	ungrammatical
p e p y	ungrammatical
h ø z u	ungrammatical
n ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
h ø p i	ungrammatical
l i b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø r ø	ungrammatical
j o l y	ungrammatical
dʒ a f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i t ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
k ø t o	ungrammatical
p a h y	ungrammatical
v u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a t i	ungrammatical
f a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
d a z ø	ungrammatical
z i z ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø b u	ungrammatical
m ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ u k ɯ	ungrammatical
v u tʃ i	ungrammatical
h ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
n a t i	ungrammatical
l e l y	ungrammatical
s o n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ i l o	ungrammatical
v ɯ l i	ungrammatical
t e h o	ungrammatical
t y ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ u j i	ungrammatical
b ø s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a s ø	ungrammatical
l a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h o k i	ungrammatical
dʒ ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e v u	ungrammatical
b ø b o	ungrammatical
ʎ u b y	ungrammatical
b u s ø	ungrammatical
m y p ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ f y	ungrammatical
ɟ i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y f i	ungrammatical
ʃ i p u	ungrammatical
z a ɡ y	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o p ɯ	ungrammatical
r u h ɯ	ungrammatical
b ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
t o h i	ungrammatical
dʒ i f u	ungrammatical
r a t u	ungrammatical
l e z ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i t y	ungrammatical
m y ɟ o	ungrammatical
z y tʃ u	ungrammatical
z a s u	ungrammatical
p a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o r i	ungrammatical
b a b i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ d y	ungrammatical
n a t o	ungrammatical
z u ʎ o	ungrammatical
r i ɡ u	ungrammatical
tʃ o v ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
h i l o	ungrammatical
p e s ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a m u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø b o	ungrammatical
ʒ o m y	ungrammatical
dʒ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b o p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a n o	ungrammatical
v i ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n o v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø p o	ungrammatical
j a m y	ungrammatical
b i d y	ungrammatical
h ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
f ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
z e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y b o	ungrammatical
p u ʎ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ m o	ungrammatical
f ø p o	ungrammatical
d e s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a t y	ungrammatical
ʎ u v ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø m ø	ungrammatical
d ø l u	ungrammatical
d ø z ø	ungrammatical
j u r i	ungrammatical
t o k o	ungrammatical
h y p u	ungrammatical
s i b o	ungrammatical
v o v i	ungrammatical
t o l y	ungrammatical
k e ɡ o	ungrammatical
t ø l ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
m o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ h y	ungrammatical
z e d o	ungrammatical
d y ʒ u	ungrammatical
d u z ɯ	ungrammatical
z u h i	ungrammatical
l ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m i n u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø m u	ungrammatical
ɡ a j i	ungrammatical
ʎ a p u	ungrammatical
z u k y	ungrammatical
l ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
d u h o	ungrammatical
s i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
t ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ m y	ungrammatical
t u k o	ungrammatical
l e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
v u ɡ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
j i d ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø r i	ungrammatical
b ø v u	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a f i	ungrammatical
s u h ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
d y d ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
s y ʃ o	ungrammatical
k o v o	ungrammatical
t o j i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a v o	ungrammatical
z ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
b y z u	ungrammatical
v i t o	ungrammatical
d o l y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ m i	ungrammatical
n ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
s y tʃ u	ungrammatical
z ø h u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ e n u	ungrammatical
k ø z ø	ungrammatical
m o z y	ungrammatical
h ɯ k u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø d i	ungrammatical
s a z ø	ungrammatical
d y b ɯ	ungrammatical
t y f i	ungrammatical
s ɯ z o	ungrammatical
l ø n i	ungrammatical
p a tʃ y	ungrammatical
t a b y	ungrammatical
m o p o	ungrammatical
l ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʎ e l y	ungrammatical
p ø r u	ungrammatical
r a f o	ungrammatical
ɡ y j ø	ungrammatical
p ø j u	ungrammatical
ʃ e s o	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ u s ø	ungrammatical
f ø b o	ungrammatical
n y f i	ungrammatical
f e d ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
r ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n u v ɯ	ungrammatical
j e s ø	ungrammatical
j i s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y k ø	ungrammatical
p e l ø	ungrammatical
r u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
k o r o	ungrammatical
m u s ɯ	ungrammatical
l y r i	ungrammatical
h e z ɯ	ungrammatical
t u n i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø n ø	ungrammatical
v a n y	ungrammatical
r a f i	ungrammatical
ʒ a k i	ungrammatical
r ɯ k i	ungrammatical
s o d ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø n ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʃ i m o	ungrammatical
k a ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
z i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e h o	ungrammatical
l y h i	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ a ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɟ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ l y	ungrammatical
d u r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
h y t o	ungrammatical
h ɯ s y	ungrammatical
d i k o	ungrammatical
h ɯ m o	ungrammatical
j y dʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i n o	ungrammatical
m u b i	ungrammatical
p i v y	ungrammatical
ʒ e ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
s e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u l ø	ungrammatical
k e b u	ungrammatical
h ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
t u v ɯ	ungrammatical
k y ʃ u	ungrammatical
z y p ø	ungrammatical
h e m y	ungrammatical
d e t ø	ungrammatical
s y h ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø d u	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʒ o	ungrammatical
b y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
z i f o	ungrammatical
d i j o	ungrammatical
l y ʃ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ l y	ungrammatical
r o d ø	ungrammatical
v ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
d i t ø	ungrammatical
m i ɡ y	ungrammatical
r o t i	ungrammatical
ʎ y v o	ungrammatical
t ɯ t o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ k u	ungrammatical
b ø b i	ungrammatical
n a m o	ungrammatical
h i r ɯ	ungrammatical
d a m u	ungrammatical
n u ʒ o	ungrammatical
k y ʎ i	ungrammatical
d a ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y v u	ungrammatical
d e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h e p ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
j i d o	ungrammatical
p a ʃ u	ungrammatical
p o z y	ungrammatical
p y dʒ i	ungrammatical
b u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r ø j i	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
z o k i	ungrammatical
ɡ a n i	ungrammatical
j a z ø	ungrammatical
t i b ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a dʒ y	ungrammatical
r ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
s y r ø	ungrammatical
f e b ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a h u	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʒ o	ungrammatical
k u dʒ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
b u h y	ungrammatical
m ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
n e f ɯ	ungrammatical
f u n ɯ	ungrammatical
t y h i	ungrammatical
z o tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ a t o	ungrammatical
ʒ y n ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø l o	ungrammatical
f e ɟ y	ungrammatical
f ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʒ o	ungrammatical
h e v o	ungrammatical
tʃ y z ɯ	ungrammatical
z i l u	ungrammatical
s ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
n a d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e t u	ungrammatical
l u ʒ o	ungrammatical
m e k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o b ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ a r y	ungrammatical
s i h o	ungrammatical
ɡ u s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
h o f i	ungrammatical
ʎ o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b i z ɯ	ungrammatical
v e f u	ungrammatical
s a d u	ungrammatical
tʃ i t o	ungrammatical
k ɯ s i	ungrammatical
n a v y	ungrammatical
r i k ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u ɟ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u s o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø l o	ungrammatical
ʒ o l i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
t a t o	ungrammatical
k ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
m o ɟ y	ungrammatical
s ɯ r y	ungrammatical
f o k o	ungrammatical
k a k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a p u	ungrammatical
z o ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø p ø	ungrammatical
f o v ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ t o	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
f ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
t i j y	ungrammatical
r e m y	ungrammatical
n u h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø h i	ungrammatical
f y b ɯ	ungrammatical
p i z ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y m i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
v ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
h a n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a z i	ungrammatical
ɟ e h o	ungrammatical
h i d ø	ungrammatical
k i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʒ o	ungrammatical
s e k y	ungrammatical
z e f ø	ungrammatical
z ø l i	ungrammatical
z ø p o	ungrammatical
j a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b u k ɯ	ungrammatical
j i t y	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
t ø k i	ungrammatical
t e m ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y tʃ o	ungrammatical
l i ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a l u	ungrammatical
l i dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
z i n o	ungrammatical
p u l o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɡ u	ungrammatical
z y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
t a dʒ y	ungrammatical
l y ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a j o	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y s u	ungrammatical
r a s y	ungrammatical
t ø f i	ungrammatical
dʒ i d u	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
z y k i	ungrammatical
l a t i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
f a ɟ y	ungrammatical
m y dʒ i	ungrammatical
r i m ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø z i	ungrammatical
s o j i	ungrammatical
ʃ e r y	ungrammatical
t ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
b ɯ l i	ungrammatical
t ø d i	ungrammatical
dʒ o m o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b i t ø	ungrammatical
d i tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʒ u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
m e b y	ungrammatical
l u ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɡ i d ø	ungrammatical
v i f y	ungrammatical
k i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø h o	ungrammatical
ʎ e v y	ungrammatical
t ɯ f i	ungrammatical
tʃ i z ø	ungrammatical
r y p i	ungrammatical
s ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
f e b y	ungrammatical
v y m ø	ungrammatical
f y p ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø j u	ungrammatical
dʒ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
m e z ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ d i	ungrammatical
k a ɡ u	ungrammatical
n y tʃ i	ungrammatical
j ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
k u ʎ o	ungrammatical
k u n i	ungrammatical
d u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
d y v o	ungrammatical
z i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z e j ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o d i	ungrammatical
n a r i	ungrammatical
ɟ u k i	ungrammatical
p e r ɯ	ungrammatical
r i ʎ u	ungrammatical
m u j i	ungrammatical
r ø j o	ungrammatical
h o j ɯ	ungrammatical
s e s y	ungrammatical
b o f o	ungrammatical
p i ʒ u	ungrammatical
b i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
h y s u	ungrammatical
m ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
n ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
m a h y	ungrammatical
v a d y	ungrammatical
ʎ y dʒ o	ungrammatical
t u z y	ungrammatical
f ɯ h y	ungrammatical
v e ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʒ u j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i f o	ungrammatical
r o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o p ɯ	ungrammatical
j y f i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ n o	ungrammatical
t u j o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø m i	ungrammatical
z e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɡ i	ungrammatical
m ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ u r ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
z ø v ø	ungrammatical
p i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
b u ʎ y	ungrammatical
f ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
tʃ e h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o s o	ungrammatical
d o s o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ j o	ungrammatical
l y k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o n y	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɡ u	ungrammatical
m a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o m ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y d o	ungrammatical
ʎ a l o	ungrammatical
tʃ u n o	ungrammatical
ɡ a k y	ungrammatical
f o ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʒ o b ɯ	ungrammatical
j u ɡ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ v y	ungrammatical
n e dʒ u	ungrammatical
d ɯ z y	ungrammatical
d e h ø	ungrammatical
z y b o	ungrammatical
m o dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ u k ɯ	ungrammatical
s o ɟ o	ungrammatical
b i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
n ø j i	ungrammatical
h ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
s e d o	ungrammatical
d y n ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ m u	ungrammatical
k e h ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u j y	ungrammatical
h a dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø v u	ungrammatical
ʎ y d u	ungrammatical
ɡ o v y	ungrammatical
m u v o	ungrammatical
m i p y	ungrammatical
r ø b ø	ungrammatical
t ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
n e r ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y r o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
n y j i	ungrammatical
p ø r ø	ungrammatical
t y j i	ungrammatical
j i m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u b o	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʃ y	ungrammatical
z a ʎ u	ungrammatical
f a l o	ungrammatical
ʒ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o l y	ungrammatical
d ø h i	ungrammatical
l a r y	ungrammatical
l u h ø	ungrammatical
t i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y t ø	ungrammatical
d u n ø	ungrammatical
d u h ɯ	ungrammatical
t a h i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
b ɯ f o	ungrammatical
v e v o	ungrammatical
ɡ y h i	ungrammatical
k ø j u	ungrammatical
b ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
h o m ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø b i	ungrammatical
m i t ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ l o	ungrammatical
v ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u s o	ungrammatical
k ø l u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ y t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i k ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
h o f y	ungrammatical
m u n ø	ungrammatical
z i r y	ungrammatical
ɟ i t o	ungrammatical
l ɯ l o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ m i	ungrammatical
p u l ɯ	ungrammatical
s o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h o s o	ungrammatical
r u r ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ d i	ungrammatical
h y j u	ungrammatical
b i v u	ungrammatical
v ø j i	ungrammatical
ʃ o r i	ungrammatical
m o z o	ungrammatical
d a ɟ y	ungrammatical
r e p y	ungrammatical
b u b ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y b u	ungrammatical
j o b ø	ungrammatical
l u f y	ungrammatical
ʎ a tʃ u	ungrammatical
l ɯ n u	ungrammatical
j i ʒ y	ungrammatical
j y s ɯ	ungrammatical
j e z o	ungrammatical
p ø l ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ k o	ungrammatical
z ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
r u t ø	ungrammatical
f a n u	ungrammatical
s a ɡ y	ungrammatical
z i ʎ y	ungrammatical
v ø b ø	ungrammatical
f y r i	ungrammatical
s ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
h e n ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ h i	ungrammatical
m e r o	ungrammatical
ʒ e l ø	ungrammatical
f i ʃ o	ungrammatical
b ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʒ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʒ y	ungrammatical
b y ʒ u	ungrammatical
j e n ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o tʃ i	ungrammatical
t e b ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ k o	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
z i v ø	ungrammatical
t i n ø	ungrammatical
b ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
z e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø z ø	ungrammatical
s e s o	ungrammatical
r u dʒ i	ungrammatical
h i m o	ungrammatical
p o z ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
k o b ø	ungrammatical
t y z o	ungrammatical
r ø p i	ungrammatical
d y d i	ungrammatical
r y j i	ungrammatical
dʒ a b ø	ungrammatical
m y t o	ungrammatical
ɡ e m u	ungrammatical
ʒ y f ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
r a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø m ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a l u	ungrammatical
n a p u	ungrammatical
k ɯ l i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø v i	ungrammatical
p a d u	ungrammatical
ʒ e m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o h ø	ungrammatical
t e j y	ungrammatical
v u k ɯ	ungrammatical
t u v o	ungrammatical
t u ʃ i	ungrammatical
f u ɟ y	ungrammatical
dʒ u dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
v y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø d o	ungrammatical
n ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
n u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y v u	ungrammatical
d o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a b i	ungrammatical
d y dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ e n o	ungrammatical
v i z u	ungrammatical
d ɯ b o	ungrammatical
d a n u	ungrammatical
t ɯ s o	ungrammatical
s i z o	ungrammatical
t e j o	ungrammatical
ɟ o h y	ungrammatical
n a j u	ungrammatical
r i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d u t i	ungrammatical
t a h u	ungrammatical
s e j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a p u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y dʒ i	ungrammatical
p a ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ u ɟ y	ungrammatical
t a z y	ungrammatical
r ø b u	ungrammatical
t ɯ k y	ungrammatical
f e b ø	ungrammatical
m e t u	ungrammatical
z y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u l ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø b ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
b u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
n a f u	ungrammatical
ʃ o s o	ungrammatical
v e d o	ungrammatical
f u z i	ungrammatical
z o b i	ungrammatical
d o n i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø s u	ungrammatical
f o r ø	ungrammatical
k e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
j o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
r y ɡ i	ungrammatical
j a ʎ u	ungrammatical
tʃ i b ø	ungrammatical
s i m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i h y	ungrammatical
dʒ u m y	ungrammatical
dʒ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
s ø d o	ungrammatical
z u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p i n y	ungrammatical
z ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
n e k ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ k o	ungrammatical
r e j ɯ	ungrammatical
d e f y	ungrammatical
f u p y	ungrammatical
ɟ y t ɯ	ungrammatical
s i p u	ungrammatical
p u p o	ungrammatical
m a d y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ v o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø b o	ungrammatical
j y n o	ungrammatical
v ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ɟ u dʒ o	ungrammatical
f y dʒ u	ungrammatical
z e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ d u	ungrammatical
p o ʃ o	ungrammatical
t y j ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
z i ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʎ y l o	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
m u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
l y t ɯ	ungrammatical
t e z ø	ungrammatical
s o s o	ungrammatical
l i k u	ungrammatical
j ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y b ɯ	ungrammatical
s y l u	ungrammatical
v a ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʒ u tʃ i	ungrammatical
b ɯ n u	ungrammatical
k o k ø	ungrammatical
n u n ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø h i	ungrammatical
n e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
t a d o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɡ o	ungrammatical
z y r u	ungrammatical
d e dʒ u	ungrammatical
f e l y	ungrammatical
h ɯ h i	ungrammatical
l e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
p u l y	ungrammatical
n ɯ f y	ungrammatical
ʃ e j y	ungrammatical
t o p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e s ø	ungrammatical
h ø f ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i v u	ungrammatical
tʃ e m y	ungrammatical
tʃ a s ø	ungrammatical
r y l ø	ungrammatical
r a r y	ungrammatical
p e h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ m i	ungrammatical
f y t i	ungrammatical
m y n u	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
h i f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o tʃ i	ungrammatical
h i ɡ u	ungrammatical
z a d o	ungrammatical
z y ɟ i	ungrammatical
s y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y t ɯ	ungrammatical
v u b o	ungrammatical
d u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u l o	ungrammatical
b o b o	ungrammatical
l e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ e j ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u f y	ungrammatical
f y r o	ungrammatical
m o f o	ungrammatical
p y l ø	ungrammatical
h o ʒ y	ungrammatical
j y f ø	ungrammatical
b o s ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʒ o	ungrammatical
j a ɟ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
v i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
k u n ø	ungrammatical
d e v u	ungrammatical
v i v y	ungrammatical
z ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
r a ɟ u	ungrammatical
d o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e f ɯ	ungrammatical
m u p ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɟ o	ungrammatical
s ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
r i r u	ungrammatical
s ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i b o	ungrammatical
f i ʎ u	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɟ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ t o	ungrammatical
m y v ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e j y	ungrammatical
t i t y	ungrammatical
ʃ i z o	ungrammatical
n o d o	ungrammatical
v y l o	ungrammatical
l e k o	ungrammatical
k ø h u	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n o b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ o j ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
ʃ i z y	ungrammatical
s u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
k ø p ø	ungrammatical
l o b ø	ungrammatical
t u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y z ɯ	ungrammatical
f o dʒ o	ungrammatical
h u s y	ungrammatical
b u tʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø r o	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʃ y	ungrammatical
v o h i	ungrammatical
ʃ e ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
d ø n o	ungrammatical
d ɯ j y	ungrammatical
dʒ o ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ o h i	ungrammatical
k ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
r ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
l y t o	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʎ o dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ o d y	ungrammatical
l y s o	ungrammatical
s e h ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i r u	ungrammatical
p i ɟ u	ungrammatical
b o k ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u k y	ungrammatical
s ɯ k y	ungrammatical
n ɯ v o	ungrammatical
t ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y z ø	ungrammatical
d y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
t e n ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y r ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ s o	ungrammatical
m a ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i h u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
s ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ɟ u ɡ o	ungrammatical
m a ɡ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ s i	ungrammatical
z e v ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ k u	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʃ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ p y	ungrammatical
s o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a p o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʎ y	ungrammatical
dʒ u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
b o f i	ungrammatical
j ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
z u d ɯ	ungrammatical
s u t ɯ	ungrammatical
k u t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a n u	ungrammatical
ʎ y p i	ungrammatical
k e f ø	ungrammatical
f o m ø	ungrammatical
v u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ r o	ungrammatical
ʒ y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
t e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ z u	ungrammatical
t a p y	ungrammatical
f ø r i	ungrammatical
r o f ɯ	ungrammatical
h e r y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø j o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d y t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
p o v i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
n e h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʃ y	ungrammatical
n u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
j u k ø	ungrammatical
j y ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ m o	ungrammatical
tʃ y z u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
f u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e v ø	ungrammatical
v e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
h i k ø	ungrammatical
p e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u j i	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʃ u	ungrammatical
r a l u	ungrammatical
h i n o	ungrammatical
ʒ i v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i m o	ungrammatical
ɡ o z i	ungrammatical
ʎ y f ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e l u	ungrammatical
d ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
h a n o	ungrammatical
r i h u	ungrammatical
v i r ø	ungrammatical
d i ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʃ u r o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø z o	ungrammatical
t o d i	ungrammatical
d i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø j u	ungrammatical
h a l i	ungrammatical
d o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
k a l ø	ungrammatical
n u ʎ y	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʎ u	ungrammatical
d o ʒ i	ungrammatical
s ø p ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a b ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʒ i z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e s o	ungrammatical
l ø s ø	ungrammatical
v ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
t i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y r o	ungrammatical
t ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ t o	ungrammatical
d ø t ø	ungrammatical
h i k y	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ k u	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø n u	ungrammatical
m u ɡ y	ungrammatical
m ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
f i m y	ungrammatical
ɟ a t o	ungrammatical
t ø p o	ungrammatical
ʃ y p i	ungrammatical
z ø n i	ungrammatical
ʃ o b o	ungrammatical
ʎ y d i	ungrammatical
ʎ a d o	ungrammatical
b y s o	ungrammatical
d i ʒ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a p u	ungrammatical
n y z ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k u k o	ungrammatical
tʃ e t ɯ	ungrammatical
r u k y	ungrammatical
p ø f u	ungrammatical
ɡ a m y	ungrammatical
ɡ i f y	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø s o	ungrammatical
j a h u	ungrammatical
m e s ø	ungrammatical
r u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
j u j ø	ungrammatical
s a tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ a n i	ungrammatical
h ɯ p u	ungrammatical
m ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
t ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ s o	ungrammatical
m y l i	ungrammatical
m o v ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʒ i l ø	ungrammatical
b ø f ø	ungrammatical
b y f i	ungrammatical
l y z i	ungrammatical
k y tʃ u	ungrammatical
s u d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u z i	ungrammatical
n o r y	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʃ i	ungrammatical
p i m ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
l o j o	ungrammatical
ʃ o t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
v ɯ r o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a dʒ y	ungrammatical
d e p y	ungrammatical
t a p u	ungrammatical
m o z ø	ungrammatical
k o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
r ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o d i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
j ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
t a r u	ungrammatical
ʒ i r u	ungrammatical
j e l u	ungrammatical
m u ʃ y	ungrammatical
z a t o	ungrammatical
t y j ø	ungrammatical
r e d o	ungrammatical
m ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ʎ a n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u d ɯ	ungrammatical
s e f ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø h u	ungrammatical
p o f o	ungrammatical
m a ʒ o	ungrammatical
b u h i	ungrammatical
b y ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e b y	ungrammatical
s ɯ j u	ungrammatical
ɡ u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ɡ e l ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a m i	ungrammatical
k ɯ f i	ungrammatical
f i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
z o j ɯ	ungrammatical
s y v i	ungrammatical
d i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u l i	ungrammatical
k i f y	ungrammatical
v a n o	ungrammatical
b ø f u	ungrammatical
t o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i h y	ungrammatical
ɟ i h ɯ	ungrammatical
b i l u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
v y n i	ungrammatical
dʒ y d ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ h o	ungrammatical
j ø v i	ungrammatical
v ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
dʒ o d y	ungrammatical
z o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m i l ø	ungrammatical
p i ɟ o	ungrammatical
v o z ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɡ u	ungrammatical
v y ʎ o	ungrammatical
f y s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e l o	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
p a ɟ y	ungrammatical
f e d o	ungrammatical
m ø s o	ungrammatical
ʃ u j y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
s ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
j ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
p e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
t y tʃ u	ungrammatical
z ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
t o d ø	ungrammatical
m y v o	ungrammatical
s i ʎ y	ungrammatical
k a n i	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
h a l u	ungrammatical
j a ʎ o	ungrammatical
l a m i	ungrammatical
r y d i	ungrammatical
r a b y	ungrammatical
h ɯ p o	ungrammatical
tʃ y k u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø t i	ungrammatical
b a dʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ y v o	ungrammatical
j e n y	ungrammatical
z e l o	ungrammatical
n o ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ e dʒ y	ungrammatical
p e p o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø l ø	ungrammatical
s ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i n ø	ungrammatical
l ø p ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ z i	ungrammatical
b i h u	ungrammatical
d a p o	ungrammatical
v o m ɯ	ungrammatical
s u v ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ n i	ungrammatical
d ɯ m i	ungrammatical
j ɯ m o	ungrammatical
ʎ i d u	ungrammatical
ɟ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ e v ø	ungrammatical
d o t ø	ungrammatical
p e b u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø h i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
j ø v ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø m i	ungrammatical
ɟ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o d y	ungrammatical
k o b y	ungrammatical
dʒ i tʃ o	ungrammatical
r i z y	ungrammatical
f ø f u	ungrammatical
k ɯ d i	ungrammatical
ʒ i k u	ungrammatical
f i b y	ungrammatical
dʒ e d u	ungrammatical
ʒ e r o	ungrammatical
d a p ø	ungrammatical
d i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p ø j ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
v y b ø	ungrammatical
m u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ v u	ungrammatical
s ɯ t i	ungrammatical
tʃ y n ø	ungrammatical
b e j y	ungrammatical
ʃ i s u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
b u n o	ungrammatical
ʃ u h o	ungrammatical
d ø b o	ungrammatical
d i l ø	ungrammatical
p a k o	ungrammatical
n ɯ s i	ungrammatical
ʃ u v ɯ	ungrammatical
l u k o	ungrammatical
k e ʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e z ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ s u	ungrammatical
dʒ a h ø	ungrammatical
j a n ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u j i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
d a j i	ungrammatical
ʎ a b o	ungrammatical
b y r u	ungrammatical
tʃ u h i	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
l e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o p o	ungrammatical
ʒ y r o	ungrammatical
b a f y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ h o	ungrammatical
z i v y	ungrammatical
t i t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e b u	ungrammatical
h o r y	ungrammatical
r ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʎ i n y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
t u m ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
z a z i	ungrammatical
ʒ u k y	ungrammatical
v ø p ø	ungrammatical
f i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ e t ɯ	ungrammatical
t y b o	ungrammatical
ʃ u r ɯ	ungrammatical
j i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
l i v o	ungrammatical
n i ɟ o	ungrammatical
r u z y	ungrammatical
k u l i	ungrammatical
m e ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i p ø	ungrammatical
d ø z i	ungrammatical
z ɯ z u	ungrammatical
t u p y	ungrammatical
m ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
b e ɟ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ n i	ungrammatical
t y ɟ i	ungrammatical
l ø b i	ungrammatical
p a j o	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
m o p ø	ungrammatical
h e k o	ungrammatical
j y f o	ungrammatical
dʒ y ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y p ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø v u	ungrammatical
t ø m ø	ungrammatical
m e k ø	ungrammatical
j y m o	ungrammatical
t o ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ e d ɯ	ungrammatical
n a ʃ o	ungrammatical
m e v u	ungrammatical
z i ʎ u	ungrammatical
l e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h y j i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ r y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
f o b o	ungrammatical
dʒ y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
f i z u	ungrammatical
d o h i	ungrammatical
p a z y	ungrammatical
f e p u	ungrammatical
ʎ u p y	ungrammatical
r ɯ n o	ungrammatical
s u l i	ungrammatical
d ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
t i s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a h i	ungrammatical
p i m y	ungrammatical
d a ʎ y	ungrammatical
l i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i m u	ungrammatical
r y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l o j y	ungrammatical
ɟ u f o	ungrammatical
d ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
j e l y	ungrammatical
v a v i	ungrammatical
d y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
n o s ɯ	ungrammatical
t i m u	ungrammatical
v o z i	ungrammatical
m ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
v y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y t u	ungrammatical
j u k y	ungrammatical
z u n o	ungrammatical
s a r i	ungrammatical
ʒ a j y	ungrammatical
t i r o	ungrammatical
l y ʎ ø	ungrammatical
m ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
z a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i d ø	ungrammatical
r e f ø	ungrammatical
l e n ɯ	ungrammatical
n a r ø	ungrammatical
m u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y s ø	ungrammatical
v u h y	ungrammatical
f ɯ b u	ungrammatical
t o h y	ungrammatical
p a s o	ungrammatical
j e f o	ungrammatical
tʃ y l ø	ungrammatical
r y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
v i s u	ungrammatical
d ø d u	ungrammatical
s o k ø	ungrammatical
j e t ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u dʒ i	ungrammatical
m o n ɯ	ungrammatical
s i d ɯ	ungrammatical
m a d u	ungrammatical
b i f y	ungrammatical
dʒ y f ɯ	ungrammatical
p a z ø	ungrammatical
p a dʒ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
v o h o	ungrammatical
k u r ø	ungrammatical
s u j o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø v i	ungrammatical
s y f o	ungrammatical
m e n o	ungrammatical
h y k i	ungrammatical
p y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
r i p ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
k y r i	ungrammatical
r a n y	ungrammatical
v o j i	ungrammatical
k ɯ z u	ungrammatical
h i t ɯ	ungrammatical
n o p y	ungrammatical
l u tʃ y	ungrammatical
t o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o v o	ungrammatical
p e b ɯ	ungrammatical
z i p ɯ	ungrammatical
p a ɟ o	ungrammatical
d e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i z u	ungrammatical
f y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
h ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e v u	ungrammatical
z e j ø	ungrammatical
h u l ɯ	ungrammatical
s a m u	ungrammatical
f a d o	ungrammatical
f i h ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ j o	ungrammatical
ɡ i j y	ungrammatical
d e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
l y p ɯ	ungrammatical
l i n ø	ungrammatical
h o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø v u	ungrammatical
r o ɟ o	ungrammatical
k ɯ s o	ungrammatical
j ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y k i	ungrammatical
ʎ a b u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
m u tʃ y	ungrammatical
m u z y	ungrammatical
j y r i	ungrammatical
r u h y	ungrammatical
ʒ y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p i h ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a l o	ungrammatical
s ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø b o	ungrammatical
ʒ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
k e s ø	ungrammatical
m i t ɯ	ungrammatical
f a z u	ungrammatical
v a f o	ungrammatical
ʒ a p i	ungrammatical
dʒ ø j ø	ungrammatical
k ø f u	ungrammatical
t i f u	ungrammatical
f u ɡ o	ungrammatical
h y ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø f o	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o t y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r a v y	ungrammatical
j e f y	ungrammatical
t ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø z o	ungrammatical
t ø z o	ungrammatical
ʎ e r o	ungrammatical
v ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
j y v i	ungrammatical
l o ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
z u s ø	ungrammatical
l i f y	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʒ u	ungrammatical
ɟ i m o	ungrammatical
n y dʒ u	ungrammatical
ɡ o n y	ungrammatical
l i d ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
l a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
r e r o	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ y	ungrammatical
f e r ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i r ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ r i	ungrammatical
ʒ u j i	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
r e l y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
k i n y	ungrammatical
v e p o	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
d o ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø s ø	ungrammatical
s y ʎ i	ungrammatical
l e t u	ungrammatical
v ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h o p ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a z y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø f i	ungrammatical
d ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ʎ y n o	ungrammatical
ʎ a j ø	ungrammatical
v ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
ɟ o b y	ungrammatical
z o h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
t y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʃ y	ungrammatical
j ø z u	ungrammatical
ʒ a t y	ungrammatical
t e k o	ungrammatical
v a tʃ o	ungrammatical
m a ʃ y	ungrammatical
n u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø b o	ungrammatical
k i l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʃ o	ungrammatical
b y j u	ungrammatical
dʒ i z ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ s y	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʒ y	ungrammatical
d o k i	ungrammatical
v a v u	ungrammatical
v ø r o	ungrammatical
z u r i	ungrammatical
ɟ y t u	ungrammatical
p a tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o b i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ j y	ungrammatical
ɟ y j ɯ	ungrammatical
p o t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i j u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
z e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t i r u	ungrammatical
j e p ø	ungrammatical
t a s ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʒ o	ungrammatical
h ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
m u p o	ungrammatical
n e z u	ungrammatical
b i k u	ungrammatical
r e k ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
n u r y	ungrammatical
p y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b u h ø	ungrammatical
v i b y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t i	ungrammatical
m i ʎ o	ungrammatical
r a k y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ t y	ungrammatical
dʒ y h u	ungrammatical
j e b ɯ	ungrammatical
l y m ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø m o	ungrammatical
d ɯ m y	ungrammatical
ɟ y v ɯ	ungrammatical
j e dʒ u	ungrammatical
f o f o	ungrammatical
p ɯ t u	ungrammatical
k u h y	ungrammatical
p e dʒ u	ungrammatical
b y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u t y	ungrammatical
dʒ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ i h u	ungrammatical
n ɯ p o	ungrammatical
j o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
d e f o	ungrammatical
z ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
f a ʎ o	ungrammatical
m a ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɟ e n o	ungrammatical
h o l ø	ungrammatical
t i k o	ungrammatical
n i tʃ u	ungrammatical
v y v ɯ	ungrammatical
b u d y	ungrammatical
p u l i	ungrammatical
z y t o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ v u	ungrammatical
k ø r ø	ungrammatical
l ø s i	ungrammatical
p a dʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ y l u	ungrammatical
j i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ d i	ungrammatical
z i tʃ y	ungrammatical
z a b y	ungrammatical
ʃ e d y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø r ø	ungrammatical
z i b y	ungrammatical
dʒ a n o	ungrammatical
m y m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e tʃ o	ungrammatical
s y t o	ungrammatical
j y t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i dʒ u	ungrammatical
n a z u	ungrammatical
n a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
b y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b o l i	ungrammatical
k ɯ p y	ungrammatical
m y s u	ungrammatical
d u k o	ungrammatical
dʒ a s y	ungrammatical
tʃ i b o	ungrammatical
v i tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ i b u	ungrammatical
s u m y	ungrammatical
m e k u	ungrammatical
b y ʎ u	ungrammatical
v i j u	ungrammatical
f u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p i ʎ y	ungrammatical
k e n y	ungrammatical
f i b ø	ungrammatical
d e p o	ungrammatical
j e h ɯ	ungrammatical
b i dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ f o	ungrammatical
dʒ y z ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y z o	ungrammatical
ɡ y b u	ungrammatical
p y b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ e h o	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i z ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
j e ʎ o	ungrammatical
k e f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɟ o	ungrammatical
k ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l e r y	ungrammatical
p a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
s ø m i	ungrammatical
s i d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u m ø	ungrammatical
t e ʃ u	ungrammatical
r y k ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
v a s ø	ungrammatical
z ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
l o t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p a r i	ungrammatical
z ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ l y	ungrammatical
v ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø z ø	ungrammatical
m y j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
m i z u	ungrammatical
f y m u	ungrammatical
ɡ u dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø h u	ungrammatical
r y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r a v i	ungrammatical
k i k y	ungrammatical
t o h ø	ungrammatical
k i ɡ u	ungrammatical
p y d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y h o	ungrammatical
t e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
l e s y	ungrammatical
k ɯ r i	ungrammatical
r o d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u k o	ungrammatical
k i ʒ o	ungrammatical
t o f y	ungrammatical
t u h y	ungrammatical
l a k y	ungrammatical
m u f y	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ i h o	ungrammatical
r y j ø	ungrammatical
v u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ m i	ungrammatical
j u ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɡ o b ø	ungrammatical
k a r i	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʒ i	ungrammatical
h ø l i	ungrammatical
p ø p i	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d a l i	ungrammatical
k e k y	ungrammatical
h ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
l e ɟ u	ungrammatical
f y j o	ungrammatical
f e dʒ u	ungrammatical
z ɯ p i	ungrammatical
m ø k u	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
s y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i b y	ungrammatical
ʃ a l o	ungrammatical
n y k o	ungrammatical
m a j ø	ungrammatical
j u k i	ungrammatical
p a j y	ungrammatical
m i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y d o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
t u z i	ungrammatical
v ø b o	ungrammatical
v a s u	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i m y	ungrammatical
f e b o	ungrammatical
d a d u	ungrammatical
z ɯ r o	ungrammatical
n ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
dʒ y l i	ungrammatical
d e r ø	ungrammatical
z o s i	ungrammatical
r o p i	ungrammatical
b o dʒ i	ungrammatical
b a ɡ y	ungrammatical
l i s y	ungrammatical
j y ʒ u	ungrammatical
b a dʒ i	ungrammatical
p o v ø	ungrammatical
p e j ɯ	ungrammatical
b y n ø	ungrammatical
n ø v o	ungrammatical
s e p o	ungrammatical
ɡ u b o	ungrammatical
h u l ø	ungrammatical
m a h u	ungrammatical
v y ʒ o	ungrammatical
s u h ɯ	ungrammatical
h y m o	ungrammatical
ʎ y r o	ungrammatical
b e l ø	ungrammatical
t e n u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
f ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ʎ e d o	ungrammatical
j o z ø	ungrammatical
r y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m y p i	ungrammatical
b o z y	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø r i	ungrammatical
k i t y	ungrammatical
m o ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
m a ʎ y	ungrammatical
k ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
j u d o	ungrammatical
h i z ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ b u	ungrammatical
n e n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p ø ʎ u	ungrammatical
s i ɟ o	ungrammatical
z ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e s y	ungrammatical
v u j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
m a t y	ungrammatical
r o z y	ungrammatical
s a n o	ungrammatical
ʃ a m y	ungrammatical
h y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
b e n o	ungrammatical
r i ʃ u	ungrammatical
m o dʒ y	ungrammatical
v ø v i	ungrammatical
ʃ i t y	ungrammatical
r u ɡ y	ungrammatical
p y v i	ungrammatical
m ø v u	ungrammatical
z y p u	ungrammatical
d y ʎ i	ungrammatical
s ɯ h y	ungrammatical
tʃ y b o	ungrammatical
ʎ a s u	ungrammatical
m e m ø	ungrammatical
r ø b i	ungrammatical
d ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
f i v u	ungrammatical
j i tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʒ u	ungrammatical
k e z ɯ	ungrammatical
k e s o	ungrammatical
ʎ i r u	ungrammatical
p u n i	ungrammatical
h y b ø	ungrammatical
m ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i s u	ungrammatical
z a r o	ungrammatical
j u j i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ v o	ungrammatical
b e t ø	ungrammatical
h o h o	ungrammatical
b y n i	ungrammatical
z u m o	ungrammatical
t a ɟ u	ungrammatical
j i ɟ y	ungrammatical
v a ʃ o	ungrammatical
m u j o	ungrammatical
d ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
t y s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a h ø	ungrammatical
r y tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø h u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y m o	ungrammatical
k e z o	ungrammatical
ɟ u n i	ungrammatical
j ɯ p y	ungrammatical
ʒ a dʒ o	ungrammatical
b o m ø	ungrammatical
b y tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʃ y k ø	ungrammatical
m ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
d u p y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ n u	ungrammatical
p u s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o k i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
f y v i	ungrammatical
r a ʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a tʃ u	ungrammatical
z a s y	ungrammatical
m y m i	ungrammatical
r ɯ h y	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y r i	ungrammatical
f y m o	ungrammatical
n ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
k a b u	ungrammatical
ʒ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ a dʒ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ k y	ungrammatical
j i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ o z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o p ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ v o	ungrammatical
ʃ o b i	ungrammatical
ʃ o m ɯ	ungrammatical
h a f ø	ungrammatical
k e j ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a tʃ o	ungrammatical
j u s ɯ	ungrammatical
d o p o	ungrammatical
s ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ f o	ungrammatical
s a ʃ i	ungrammatical
f y d i	ungrammatical
ʒ e l ɯ	ungrammatical
v o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɡ o	ungrammatical
t u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø r i	ungrammatical
dʒ a v i	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
t y ɡ u	ungrammatical
b ø p u	ungrammatical
f y r ɯ	ungrammatical
s u v o	ungrammatical
j o k ɯ	ungrammatical
k i s o	ungrammatical
v u v y	ungrammatical
m a ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
p o z o	ungrammatical
z i v ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a s u	ungrammatical
r ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
dʒ i b y	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ i b ø	ungrammatical
l i z y	ungrammatical
ɡ y z o	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ʃ o	ungrammatical
k y p ø	ungrammatical
k ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
f e ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ o s y	ungrammatical
b e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø k ø	ungrammatical
v o f y	ungrammatical
dʒ e p ø	ungrammatical
v e d u	ungrammatical
r o ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e f y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ h u	ungrammatical
k ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
k o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v u ʒ o	ungrammatical
h ø t u	ungrammatical
s a z i	ungrammatical
m e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ i l o	ungrammatical
j u ɡ o	ungrammatical
dʒ i p u	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y f o	ungrammatical
p ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
h u t i	ungrammatical
h i m u	ungrammatical
p a tʃ o	ungrammatical
b y ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ a j i	ungrammatical
r y z ɯ	ungrammatical
v y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y s o	ungrammatical
z y k o	ungrammatical
d o z ɯ	ungrammatical
d u n i	ungrammatical
n e p y	ungrammatical
h o s i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
t u d i	ungrammatical
ʃ y p ø	ungrammatical
r o ɟ i	ungrammatical
k o v i	ungrammatical
ʎ o d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ y k i	ungrammatical
m ø l i	ungrammatical
ɟ a m y	ungrammatical
ɟ u d ø	ungrammatical
m o m ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ b i	ungrammatical
b e s ɯ	ungrammatical
m a z o	ungrammatical
h a b i	ungrammatical
l u d o	ungrammatical
b i k o	ungrammatical
ʒ y f o	ungrammatical
n o k y	ungrammatical
v o p ø	ungrammatical
l ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
m o k i	ungrammatical
ʒ y v ɯ	ungrammatical
v u tʃ y	ungrammatical
k i r ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u l y	ungrammatical
z i ʎ o	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
l e v ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø j ø	ungrammatical
j ø p u	ungrammatical
r a n u	ungrammatical
ʎ o h ɯ	ungrammatical
h o m ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
t y k u	ungrammatical
l e t y	ungrammatical
b ɯ r u	ungrammatical
h e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø t i	ungrammatical
n u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ b y	ungrammatical
b i f ɯ	ungrammatical
n y d o	ungrammatical
ʒ i l y	ungrammatical
h i d ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y f ø	ungrammatical
m i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i t ø	ungrammatical
r a p y	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʒ i	ungrammatical
j e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
z ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o p i	ungrammatical
tʃ y m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y j i	ungrammatical
n u s y	ungrammatical
r ø z ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø k ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
f e f ø	ungrammatical
m e ʒ u	ungrammatical
n y t u	ungrammatical
p e tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɡ u	ungrammatical
r u l i	ungrammatical
n o n o	ungrammatical
f ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʃ o	ungrammatical
d i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
m a f ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a ʎ u	ungrammatical
f u j i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø s i	ungrammatical
ʎ y n u	ungrammatical
f u j y	ungrammatical
dʒ y t i	ungrammatical
j e l ø	ungrammatical
h i s ɯ	ungrammatical
v a ɡ i	ungrammatical
d u dʒ o	ungrammatical
t ø z u	ungrammatical
m o ʎ o	ungrammatical
p ɯ j u	ungrammatical
z i l o	ungrammatical
s o ɡ y	ungrammatical
d y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z u k i	ungrammatical
v ø d i	ungrammatical
h o j ø	ungrammatical
z e ɡ o	ungrammatical
f ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ n o	ungrammatical
m y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø t u	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɡ y	ungrammatical
z a l ø	ungrammatical
p a p y	ungrammatical
d a h y	ungrammatical
tʃ a j ø	ungrammatical
d y ʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ a s u	ungrammatical
r u v y	ungrammatical
v ɯ n u	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
h o j y	ungrammatical
p ɯ z i	ungrammatical
s i p ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ n i	ungrammatical
dʒ y m ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ t i	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v a d i	ungrammatical
l u j y	ungrammatical
z i z y	ungrammatical
ɟ o tʃ y	ungrammatical
n ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
v e h o	ungrammatical
ʃ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t a t i	ungrammatical
j o ɟ y	ungrammatical
m u d ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
p ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
n y ɟ u	ungrammatical
f i j y	ungrammatical
z e ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø m ø	ungrammatical
h u ʃ o	ungrammatical
m i l y	ungrammatical
z i ʃ y	ungrammatical
m ɯ h y	ungrammatical
t ɯ r y	ungrammatical
l u ʎ o	ungrammatical
l y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a b i	ungrammatical
ʃ o f ɯ	ungrammatical
r i s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
p i t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i v o	ungrammatical
ʃ a z ø	ungrammatical
n i z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o h y	ungrammatical
l a m u	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u dʒ o	ungrammatical
t o n o	ungrammatical
f e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p u dʒ y	ungrammatical
d y p i	ungrammatical
h a d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʎ i	ungrammatical
v u s y	ungrammatical
p e k ø	ungrammatical
z u s y	ungrammatical
j i j ɯ	ungrammatical
v y ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a v ø	ungrammatical
f y m i	ungrammatical
ʎ i tʃ u	ungrammatical
j ɯ b y	ungrammatical
z ɯ p o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø l i	ungrammatical
l o k ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o b o	ungrammatical
v e t u	ungrammatical
ʎ o ɟ o	ungrammatical
z i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
v a t y	ungrammatical
h u j i	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʒ y	ungrammatical
m u p y	ungrammatical
s o t y	ungrammatical
d ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ h u	ungrammatical
tʃ e n y	ungrammatical
l o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
f a k i	ungrammatical
p y ʃ o	ungrammatical
h y tʃ u	ungrammatical
l o b y	ungrammatical
ɡ i p u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø z u	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
t y p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø t i	ungrammatical
r ø n i	ungrammatical
t e t ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o p ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
t u s o	ungrammatical
b o ʃ y	ungrammatical
f ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
k u b ø	ungrammatical
n u ʒ i	ungrammatical
v e r y	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø s o	ungrammatical
d o n ɯ	ungrammatical
v o r y	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
m i l u	ungrammatical
v o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p o s ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o k ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
t a t u	ungrammatical
s o r o	ungrammatical
t i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
l u m i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
h o ɡ o	ungrammatical
k o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ h i	ungrammatical
j i m ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u n i	ungrammatical
m o t i	ungrammatical
ʎ u dʒ i	ungrammatical
t i l u	ungrammatical
ɟ i ʃ u	ungrammatical
h u ʃ i	ungrammatical
v o h ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʒ o	ungrammatical
k o ʎ y	ungrammatical
l e n y	ungrammatical
ʎ i h ɯ	ungrammatical
s o k y	ungrammatical
t ɯ r o	ungrammatical
d o b ø	ungrammatical
b ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
r y ɟ o	ungrammatical
h e k y	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
r a ʃ o	ungrammatical
d a t ø	ungrammatical
z y ɟ o	ungrammatical
r a s u	ungrammatical
l u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e h y	ungrammatical
j a h i	ungrammatical
t o t ɯ	ungrammatical
j e ʃ u	ungrammatical
d y ɡ o	ungrammatical
t u b y	ungrammatical
v u h ɯ	ungrammatical
p u l ø	ungrammatical
z a m i	ungrammatical
r i l ø	ungrammatical
j a p u	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɟ u	ungrammatical
n ɯ k u	ungrammatical
ʃ y z u	ungrammatical
ʒ a t o	ungrammatical
ʃ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ y v ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a l u	ungrammatical
ʃ a s i	ungrammatical
h i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
p u m y	ungrammatical
d ø v ø	ungrammatical
z ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
dʒ i p ø	ungrammatical
k i ʃ u	ungrammatical
s o z i	ungrammatical
ʒ o k ɯ	ungrammatical
j o v i	ungrammatical
n u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u h i	ungrammatical
ʃ u z ø	ungrammatical
p u h o	ungrammatical
tʃ u v ø	ungrammatical
d y s ø	ungrammatical
z i s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a v u	ungrammatical
ɟ i d y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p ø	ungrammatical
f i z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
t ɯ h u	ungrammatical
j e k ɯ	ungrammatical
t o n i	ungrammatical
s o ɟ y	ungrammatical
t e r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø d i	ungrammatical
b e ʃ o	ungrammatical
j o d i	ungrammatical
f a j u	ungrammatical
d e dʒ y	ungrammatical
k a ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k a n ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ n y	ungrammatical
p a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
d i n ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o s y	ungrammatical
l y ʃ i	ungrammatical
t ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ k y	ungrammatical
m i r u	ungrammatical
j i j u	ungrammatical
f ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o v ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ n y	ungrammatical
b i ɟ o	ungrammatical
z e d ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o v i	ungrammatical
h a ʎ u	ungrammatical
b i h ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ p u	ungrammatical
t e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s u m ø	ungrammatical
t u h ɯ	ungrammatical
k y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
p i tʃ o	ungrammatical
v a z u	ungrammatical
k o h i	ungrammatical
m ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
f e l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ n i	ungrammatical
p e ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ r o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
z y k ɯ	ungrammatical
j y m u	ungrammatical
l y ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
r u j ɯ	ungrammatical
l o l y	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɟ o	ungrammatical
k ɯ v o	ungrammatical
f ɯ t i	ungrammatical
f o t y	ungrammatical
j o k o	ungrammatical
l y s ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
n o ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʃ y n u	ungrammatical
j ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
b u ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
k y s ø	ungrammatical
v ø l i	ungrammatical
m i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
l e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ i v u	ungrammatical
r e h o	ungrammatical
v i s o	ungrammatical
p e s ɯ	ungrammatical
s e t u	ungrammatical
dʒ i z u	ungrammatical
dʒ o f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i l u	ungrammatical
z u p ø	ungrammatical
h e ʃ u	ungrammatical
p u d y	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɟ y	ungrammatical
n y ʎ i	ungrammatical
d ø r ø	ungrammatical
l o r ø	ungrammatical
l i h ø	ungrammatical
k o z o	ungrammatical
l i s ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
b a ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ y z ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
v ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
r ø d u	ungrammatical
r a m o	ungrammatical
l o j i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
b u l y	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l i s o	ungrammatical
f y l u	ungrammatical
s o f y	ungrammatical
p e z ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ k o	ungrammatical
n y s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o r y	ungrammatical
d y ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ j i	ungrammatical
n y ʒ o	ungrammatical
m e l y	ungrammatical
d i h y	ungrammatical
ɡ a z o	ungrammatical
d i r ɯ	ungrammatical
s i k y	ungrammatical
r ø l u	ungrammatical
dʒ e tʃ y	ungrammatical
s ɯ l y	ungrammatical
n e ʃ u	ungrammatical
tʃ o j o	ungrammatical
m e m ɯ	ungrammatical
s u z ø	ungrammatical
r o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p e ʎ y	ungrammatical
j a l ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
b u r y	ungrammatical
d ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
s u s o	ungrammatical
m e p ø	ungrammatical
h a h o	ungrammatical
j e p o	ungrammatical
d a tʃ u	ungrammatical
d a l u	ungrammatical
ʎ o t ø	ungrammatical
j a l u	ungrammatical
ɟ i z y	ungrammatical
l a j u	ungrammatical
j o h o	ungrammatical
j y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e p y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø p i	ungrammatical
m e n u	ungrammatical
dʒ e m o	ungrammatical
p e l o	ungrammatical
ʒ y k i	ungrammatical
l i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y h u	ungrammatical
ɡ e n o	ungrammatical
d o ɟ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ s i	ungrammatical
m e f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
j ø v o	ungrammatical
n a z i	ungrammatical
k y h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i d y	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
d ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɡ o r ø	ungrammatical
h a t u	ungrammatical
ɟ u p o	ungrammatical
r ɯ p u	ungrammatical
k ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
z ø k o	ungrammatical
z i h ø	ungrammatical
t i ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ e m ɯ	ungrammatical
r u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø z i	ungrammatical
m ø r o	ungrammatical
l u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʎ o	ungrammatical
t e j u	ungrammatical
t u r o	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɟ o	ungrammatical
z i k u	ungrammatical
h o f o	ungrammatical
b i j ø	ungrammatical
r a k u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø l i	ungrammatical
k o h y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø z u	ungrammatical
l y t ø	ungrammatical
d ø r i	ungrammatical
z ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u t y	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɟ i	ungrammatical
b a ʎ u	ungrammatical
d i b ɯ	ungrammatical
m u s i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø r i	ungrammatical
ʃ o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o m o	ungrammatical
d a k o	ungrammatical
p e v ø	ungrammatical
t y t ɯ	ungrammatical
j e tʃ u	ungrammatical
j u h i	ungrammatical
ɡ u k ø	ungrammatical
k u ʃ i	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
b a s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u m ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
t i l y	ungrammatical
r e h u	ungrammatical
t o m i	ungrammatical
k i d y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ f u	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a b i	ungrammatical
ɡ y p i	ungrammatical
d ɯ r y	ungrammatical
j o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø r o	ungrammatical
v u b ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
n e l o	ungrammatical
m y j o	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
k y z ø	ungrammatical
l y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
l o m ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
b ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
v y z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɟ i	ungrammatical
m a p u	ungrammatical
p y dʒ u	ungrammatical
p u v o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
t ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
b ø h o	ungrammatical
v ɯ r u	ungrammatical
ɡ u l ɯ	ungrammatical
v o k y	ungrammatical
h y z i	ungrammatical
p a n i	ungrammatical
n y p u	ungrammatical
ɡ u d i	ungrammatical
t u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
h a ɟ o	ungrammatical
m ø v o	ungrammatical
n ɯ s y	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
d y k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e z o	ungrammatical
n i r u	ungrammatical
m a tʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʃ o	ungrammatical
b e tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø s i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
j ɯ k o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ t u	ungrammatical
t ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l i k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
s ø s ø	ungrammatical
b o h o	ungrammatical
p y h ɯ	ungrammatical
t u d o	ungrammatical
p i b ɯ	ungrammatical
k a k i	ungrammatical
z a b o	ungrammatical
ɟ e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d a h u	ungrammatical
p ø m i	ungrammatical
f e v u	ungrammatical
tʃ e k o	ungrammatical
v u l ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y b ɯ	ungrammatical
k y k i	ungrammatical
p e d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø j ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø s u	ungrammatical
k i n o	ungrammatical
ɟ o s ø	ungrammatical
h a j y	ungrammatical
p o k o	ungrammatical
s y tʃ i	ungrammatical
p e b y	ungrammatical
p e ʃ u	ungrammatical
m i p u	ungrammatical
ʃ a k y	ungrammatical
z e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r ø f u	ungrammatical
z y ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ u h i	ungrammatical
j e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
dʒ i dʒ o	ungrammatical
k i d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a z u	ungrammatical
s a ʒ y	ungrammatical
h i j o	ungrammatical
h i n u	ungrammatical
t y ʃ u	ungrammatical
f u l i	ungrammatical
t u k ø	ungrammatical
h o d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
ʎ o h y	ungrammatical
dʒ y f i	ungrammatical
d i l ɯ	ungrammatical
r e s y	ungrammatical
tʃ u z o	ungrammatical
v e n ø	ungrammatical
v y h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
p i h u	ungrammatical
l i m ø	ungrammatical
s ø z u	ungrammatical
dʒ a z i	ungrammatical
b o ʃ o	ungrammatical
z y z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ o ɡ y	ungrammatical
s o d o	ungrammatical
b i m y	ungrammatical
l u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v u ɟ i	ungrammatical
m o v i	ungrammatical
p a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j i ʎ u	ungrammatical
b i v ɯ	ungrammatical
l y s u	ungrammatical
ʃ y r ø	ungrammatical
s a h u	ungrammatical
m e l ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ v i	ungrammatical
b u p ø	ungrammatical
f u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r e dʒ y	ungrammatical
k o n ø	ungrammatical
m y j u	ungrammatical
ɟ u s ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ b u	ungrammatical
tʃ o m i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ d o	ungrammatical
t ɯ l y	ungrammatical
s i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
ʎ e k ɯ	ungrammatical
p i k o	ungrammatical
dʒ o b i	ungrammatical
tʃ i h o	ungrammatical
k u p o	ungrammatical
h i z u	ungrammatical
m a s y	ungrammatical
p e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
z o m o	ungrammatical
j u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
l i ʃ o	ungrammatical
m u v ɯ	ungrammatical
m ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
h e ʒ y	ungrammatical
f e t y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
m i ʎ y	ungrammatical
b a j o	ungrammatical
f y f u	ungrammatical
z a n ø	ungrammatical
r o v ɯ	ungrammatical
k y z u	ungrammatical
j y b i	ungrammatical
s o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
h a s i	ungrammatical
tʃ e d y	ungrammatical
j o t ø	ungrammatical
r e m ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
j a d u	ungrammatical
p o h ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø z u	ungrammatical
k y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
l i t u	ungrammatical
n i k o	ungrammatical
t y ɟ o	ungrammatical
p i s ɯ	ungrammatical
h y f u	ungrammatical
l o m y	ungrammatical
m y ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʎ i	ungrammatical
d ø b u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø s u	ungrammatical
t o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ l y	ungrammatical
f y n ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
z u r ø	ungrammatical
t i z u	ungrammatical
r o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
m y b i	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʃ y	ungrammatical
s u f o	ungrammatical
tʃ i s o	ungrammatical
l e p y	ungrammatical
s a ɡ u	ungrammatical
f e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u m o	ungrammatical
v ø t i	ungrammatical
tʃ y p o	ungrammatical
r i j u	ungrammatical
m e d y	ungrammatical
m u r ɯ	ungrammatical
r o tʃ i	ungrammatical
p u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a m u	ungrammatical
s a v u	ungrammatical
t ø n u	ungrammatical
n ø f o	ungrammatical
l y k ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e k ø	ungrammatical
l e t o	ungrammatical
r ø n ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ f u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø f i	ungrammatical
j a p o	ungrammatical
z i ɡ u	ungrammatical
m u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r a s i	ungrammatical
ɡ y h o	ungrammatical
k y b ø	ungrammatical
t i h u	ungrammatical
ʒ y z i	ungrammatical
j u h y	ungrammatical
l a d i	ungrammatical
n o dʒ y	ungrammatical
m u k ø	ungrammatical
t a h o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
h i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
r ø n o	ungrammatical
f ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y v i	ungrammatical
ʒ i h ø	ungrammatical
h y b u	ungrammatical
j o s i	ungrammatical
n u n y	ungrammatical
ʒ e s o	ungrammatical
k e z ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s o j ø	ungrammatical
p ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
d a s y	ungrammatical
t e f ɯ	ungrammatical
j u ʎ y	ungrammatical
r o t o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ t o	ungrammatical
ɟ i r ø	ungrammatical
r ø r i	ungrammatical
r y h o	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e h u	ungrammatical
d i m u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ s y	ungrammatical
f ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
z u t o	ungrammatical
s i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
v ø k u	ungrammatical
ɟ a j u	ungrammatical
t o s i	ungrammatical
d u b i	ungrammatical
ɟ o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i tʃ u	ungrammatical
s a tʃ y	ungrammatical
b ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
h o z ɯ	ungrammatical
b o j ø	ungrammatical
f e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø k ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
k i p u	ungrammatical
k o m ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ j y	ungrammatical
v i v u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
b u ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɡ e n ø	ungrammatical
t a ʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l o m i	ungrammatical
z u n i	ungrammatical
h ø t i	ungrammatical
dʒ u d ø	ungrammatical
f y v ø	ungrammatical
f e k ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø r u	ungrammatical
s u ʒ y	ungrammatical
d e ɡ u	ungrammatical
k y j u	ungrammatical
b ø b u	ungrammatical
ɡ o dʒ y	ungrammatical
t ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
l e ʎ y	ungrammatical
k u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
h a b y	ungrammatical
s ø d u	ungrammatical
h e n ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
l e dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ e dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z a p y	ungrammatical
d o z y	ungrammatical
dʒ u k i	ungrammatical
d e v ø	ungrammatical
f i n u	ungrammatical
dʒ e z u	ungrammatical
m i m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e p ø	ungrammatical
h e tʃ u	ungrammatical
s i l ø	ungrammatical
d u d ɯ	ungrammatical
r a b u	ungrammatical
ʎ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
b o v i	ungrammatical
r y t i	ungrammatical
tʃ i h ø	ungrammatical
d u k i	ungrammatical
s ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
n e ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
k a v u	ungrammatical
tʃ e p ø	ungrammatical
l e ʃ y	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
s ø l u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø l o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɟ u	ungrammatical
d e s ɯ	ungrammatical
l u h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
n a v i	ungrammatical
n y r u	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ j o	ungrammatical
v ø j o	ungrammatical
dʒ y z i	ungrammatical
f ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
p ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
b e l o	ungrammatical
b ø m o	ungrammatical
b u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø m u	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b i p u	ungrammatical
l o m ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y ɟ u	ungrammatical
n ɯ r u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y k u	ungrammatical
r ø v u	ungrammatical
j i z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
t ɯ d o	ungrammatical
n ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
h ø m i	ungrammatical
dʒ o z o	ungrammatical
l i f ø	ungrammatical
n o f i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ s y	ungrammatical
d a v i	ungrammatical
b o m i	ungrammatical
ɡ e f y	ungrammatical
k ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø h ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ f u	ungrammatical
n u j y	ungrammatical
h u h ɯ	ungrammatical
k e s ɯ	ungrammatical
b e s y	ungrammatical
r ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a l i	ungrammatical
n a t u	ungrammatical
j u r ɯ	ungrammatical
h y n ø	ungrammatical
v u d y	ungrammatical
ʎ a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h e ɟ o	ungrammatical
dʒ e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u d o	ungrammatical
ʎ e j o	ungrammatical
k o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o f y	ungrammatical
l e l o	ungrammatical
dʒ e v o	ungrammatical
f e ʃ u	ungrammatical
k o dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ e m y	ungrammatical
z ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
v u p ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y m u	ungrammatical
l y dʒ o	ungrammatical
l e n u	ungrammatical
l ɯ r i	ungrammatical
v ɯ d o	ungrammatical
n ø k u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø f u	ungrammatical
h u dʒ i	ungrammatical
d y v u	ungrammatical
m u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
tʃ o ɟ o	ungrammatical
b a p i	ungrammatical
m ø j i	ungrammatical
h a j u	ungrammatical
t i r ɯ	ungrammatical
l o s ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
f a m ø	ungrammatical
p u f ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e p y	ungrammatical
d u m y	ungrammatical
ɡ a f u	ungrammatical
ʒ y l o	ungrammatical
t i k ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ j i	ungrammatical
dʒ ø j u	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n o j ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ v i	ungrammatical
b a b u	ungrammatical
tʃ o j i	ungrammatical
tʃ o tʃ i	ungrammatical
l i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ d i	ungrammatical
d i j ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p e f ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
v u h i	ungrammatical
ɡ y k ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
d u r y	ungrammatical
t o d ɯ	ungrammatical
d o p y	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ e l u	ungrammatical
z a f y	ungrammatical
j ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
r u l ø	ungrammatical
s e z o	ungrammatical
z ø d u	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ i b o	ungrammatical
h a f u	ungrammatical
z o z y	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ s i	ungrammatical
b u r o	ungrammatical
z u t ø	ungrammatical
p e n ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
m ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
l y b o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʎ u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m o k o	ungrammatical
f e ʃ y	ungrammatical
n a p y	ungrammatical
b u s o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ l o	ungrammatical
l e l ø	ungrammatical
l i ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ e ɟ o	ungrammatical
p i ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ y t u	ungrammatical
m u dʒ i	ungrammatical
l u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r y d ø	ungrammatical
z y v ø	ungrammatical
k y ʒ u	ungrammatical
h y d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e v ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ u r y	ungrammatical
f y t o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʃ y	ungrammatical
b y ʒ o	ungrammatical
v ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
l y z ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a v i	ungrammatical
k ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
b o h i	ungrammatical
h i f ɯ	ungrammatical
s o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ t o	ungrammatical
n i k ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
f a p i	ungrammatical
z o ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ e p ɯ	ungrammatical
f u l ø	ungrammatical
r i r ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e f ɯ	ungrammatical
m i z ø	ungrammatical
p e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
f u ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
h y s ɯ	ungrammatical
d y l ø	ungrammatical
p ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
k ɯ n u	ungrammatical
d ø d o	ungrammatical
d a ʒ u	ungrammatical
b ɯ m u	ungrammatical
l y b ø	ungrammatical
l i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
f y k i	ungrammatical
f o ʒ i	ungrammatical
v y d ɯ	ungrammatical
k i h ø	ungrammatical
h y f ɯ	ungrammatical
v i h ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a p ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ u t ø	ungrammatical
s ø t o	ungrammatical
tʃ o t ø	ungrammatical
f y dʒ o	ungrammatical
v o f o	ungrammatical
dʒ u v y	ungrammatical
d o d o	ungrammatical
r y f u	ungrammatical
k ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ z y	ungrammatical
j y z ø	ungrammatical
j e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e r o	ungrammatical
dʒ y m u	ungrammatical
p u m o	ungrammatical
l y j o	ungrammatical
r u b o	ungrammatical
ʎ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
l y b i	ungrammatical
ʎ e j u	ungrammatical
s ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
v u b y	ungrammatical
t o j ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
j e tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ f y	ungrammatical
s u ʎ i	ungrammatical
h o k y	ungrammatical
l ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
l o l i	ungrammatical
f e p o	ungrammatical
ɡ o d ɯ	ungrammatical
l i j o	ungrammatical
k u l y	ungrammatical
tʃ a k y	ungrammatical
r e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
f ø j u	ungrammatical
n i ʎ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ t y	ungrammatical
z e z ɯ	ungrammatical
z e t ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o m i	ungrammatical
ɟ u n o	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʒ i	ungrammatical
z e h ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø k i	ungrammatical
b ø m ø	ungrammatical
j e z y	ungrammatical
z ɯ f u	ungrammatical
ʃ y ʒ i	ungrammatical
s i m u	ungrammatical
v e j ø	ungrammatical
v e k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i z u	ungrammatical
r o ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø k i	ungrammatical
k ø k ø	ungrammatical
l ø m o	ungrammatical
l a v y	ungrammatical
v u m o	ungrammatical
k u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t u r ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ t i	ungrammatical
tʃ y p i	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø d u	ungrammatical
m ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
b ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
b ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
v i t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i ɟ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ j u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʎ e t y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
t o dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʒ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ k y	ungrammatical
n a h i	ungrammatical
ʃ y h ɯ	ungrammatical
t a v y	ungrammatical
n i j ø	ungrammatical
z o r y	ungrammatical
l o ʎ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ m u	ungrammatical
v ɯ m i	ungrammatical
j ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ v u	ungrammatical
d e b u	ungrammatical
n ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
n o p ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
d o ʎ y	ungrammatical
h e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y z ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ n u	ungrammatical
n i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p u b ø	ungrammatical
r y d o	ungrammatical
dʒ a t o	ungrammatical
v o b o	ungrammatical
s u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b y t ɯ	ungrammatical
t y v ɯ	ungrammatical
r o v o	ungrammatical
dʒ e ɡ o	ungrammatical
t ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
j ø m u	ungrammatical
r a d y	ungrammatical
dʒ a t i	ungrammatical
tʃ y j ɯ	ungrammatical
k i d ɯ	ungrammatical
h i h y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
n e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø s u	ungrammatical
n o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u l ø	ungrammatical
r y ʎ i	ungrammatical
h a l y	ungrammatical
z ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o h y	ungrammatical
ɡ e t o	ungrammatical
m ɯ b u	ungrammatical
b y l i	ungrammatical
r e d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u n i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
z ø p i	ungrammatical
h e s y	ungrammatical
t a d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e l ø	ungrammatical
f o m y	ungrammatical
b o r y	ungrammatical
j y d o	ungrammatical
n o f ø	ungrammatical
j e v u	ungrammatical
ʒ a d o	ungrammatical
d a k i	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
k e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʃ o	ungrammatical
z ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ h i	ungrammatical
d u m ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø p i	ungrammatical
l u tʃ o	ungrammatical
b y r ø	ungrammatical
s a ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ u m o	ungrammatical
f e t o	ungrammatical
r o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
k e d ø	ungrammatical
k y d o	ungrammatical
j o ʎ i	ungrammatical
s i s u	ungrammatical
n ø s i	ungrammatical
f u l ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ k o	ungrammatical
s o m ø	ungrammatical
s i tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ o n y	ungrammatical
z i tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʒ y	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʎ y h o	ungrammatical
l o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j ø s i	ungrammatical
p y m i	ungrammatical
f i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø j o	ungrammatical
j u d ɯ	ungrammatical
h u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʒ o	ungrammatical
d a n y	ungrammatical
h i m y	ungrammatical
s u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r o ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø n i	ungrammatical
v y l ø	ungrammatical
d i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
m ɯ t u	ungrammatical
tʃ y k i	ungrammatical
l ɯ f o	ungrammatical
ɟ e d y	ungrammatical
t ɯ f u	ungrammatical
ɡ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
p i p ø	ungrammatical
j ø d o	ungrammatical
n u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d e f u	ungrammatical
v e ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ e b o	ungrammatical
tʃ i h ɯ	ungrammatical
m a f i	ungrammatical
n u ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e r ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ v i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
h i k u	ungrammatical
l ɯ t i	ungrammatical
n y f o	ungrammatical
b u z ø	ungrammatical
t u b ø	ungrammatical
j a d o	ungrammatical
dʒ e t o	ungrammatical
h a j o	ungrammatical
j e d y	ungrammatical
r ɯ z y	ungrammatical
dʒ u ɟ o	ungrammatical
z u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e r o	ungrammatical
t ɯ r i	ungrammatical
r u b y	ungrammatical
s ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y d ɯ	ungrammatical
k y l i	ungrammatical
t a z u	ungrammatical
z y s i	ungrammatical
ʎ y j o	ungrammatical
d o ʃ o	ungrammatical
b e ʒ o	ungrammatical
j a n y	ungrammatical
ɡ e h o	ungrammatical
s ɯ h i	ungrammatical
ɟ i v ɯ	ungrammatical
r e ʎ o	ungrammatical
b i z ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e f u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
ʃ e b u	ungrammatical
ʒ i v u	ungrammatical
m o h o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
dʒ o l ɯ	ungrammatical
f e k o	ungrammatical
f i l o	ungrammatical
tʃ a k ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ h o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ v y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø f u	ungrammatical
p y h o	ungrammatical
dʒ u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
h o r ɯ	ungrammatical
t a ʎ o	ungrammatical
d y n i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø b u	ungrammatical
v o r ɯ	ungrammatical
l e b u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
n ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
d a j o	ungrammatical
m e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
d y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
s o l ø	ungrammatical
j y v o	ungrammatical
l i n u	ungrammatical
tʃ e r y	ungrammatical
ɡ i n y	ungrammatical
s u k y	ungrammatical
s o n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e ʎ o	ungrammatical
dʒ i z y	ungrammatical
k e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø k o	ungrammatical
h ɯ j i	ungrammatical
ʃ o l ɯ	ungrammatical
v u ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ o n y	ungrammatical
j o s y	ungrammatical
ɡ i f ɯ	ungrammatical
t i ʒ u	ungrammatical
t a ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ e tʃ y	ungrammatical
t a r i	ungrammatical
d a ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ a s o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
v y h o	ungrammatical
m u d o	ungrammatical
f i r ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ n y	ungrammatical
ʃ o m o	ungrammatical
v o tʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ u d i	ungrammatical
l y h u	ungrammatical
ʎ i l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø z ø	ungrammatical
l i d o	ungrammatical
j ɯ l o	ungrammatical
h o tʃ y	ungrammatical
b u r ɯ	ungrammatical
p e m u	ungrammatical
d e tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʒ y h i	ungrammatical
tʃ y k o	ungrammatical
h e r ɯ	ungrammatical
s y z i	ungrammatical
z y b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i s u	ungrammatical
t a ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø r ø	ungrammatical
l ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
f y tʃ o	ungrammatical
p i z u	ungrammatical
dʒ i t o	ungrammatical
t o s y	ungrammatical
s u m i	ungrammatical
f i ʎ y	ungrammatical
h y s ø	ungrammatical
l e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u j y	ungrammatical
t e n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i b ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y l i	ungrammatical
m o l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
r e k o	ungrammatical
h ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
z e ɟ y	ungrammatical
p a k i	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o h ɯ	ungrammatical
b y v u	ungrammatical
n u j ɯ	ungrammatical
v i k ɯ	ungrammatical
k e h y	ungrammatical
k e t y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
f ø j ø	ungrammatical
k i z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i d u	ungrammatical
v o s o	ungrammatical
j ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
l i n ɯ	ungrammatical
h e f ø	ungrammatical
h y h i	ungrammatical
s i k u	ungrammatical
z i m ø	ungrammatical
s a z y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
d u b o	ungrammatical
r i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s u ɟ i	ungrammatical
p ø b o	ungrammatical
dʒ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b e d o	ungrammatical
h ø h i	ungrammatical
dʒ i s ø	ungrammatical
l e h y	ungrammatical
h a m y	ungrammatical
n u p o	ungrammatical
ɟ e k u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ d o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
s o ʎ y	ungrammatical
n ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
v ɯ l y	ungrammatical
b y t u	ungrammatical
v a m i	ungrammatical
j i v ɯ	ungrammatical
h y n i	ungrammatical
b ɯ k u	ungrammatical
f a d i	ungrammatical
l ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
k a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o l ø	ungrammatical
m u t i	ungrammatical
m y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
m e t o	ungrammatical
ʃ e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
m ø b u	ungrammatical
b ɯ n o	ungrammatical
j i h ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ f i	ungrammatical
dʒ y b i	ungrammatical
l ø r u	ungrammatical
t a f o	ungrammatical
f o t ø	ungrammatical
r o l i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
z e n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
f e s ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø v ø	ungrammatical
b ø t ø	ungrammatical
h y dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y d u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
r ɯ b y	ungrammatical
h i p u	ungrammatical
dʒ e f u	ungrammatical
p ø r i	ungrammatical
f e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø m i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ t u	ungrammatical
h o m i	ungrammatical
l i f u	ungrammatical
b ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
k u b i	ungrammatical
h o l i	ungrammatical
h ø v ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i l ø	ungrammatical
t a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y v ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø m i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ s i	ungrammatical
h a h u	ungrammatical
s a j u	ungrammatical
s u d i	ungrammatical
ɟ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
v i n u	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ v i	ungrammatical
b u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r i tʃ o	ungrammatical
t ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ z u	ungrammatical
t i k y	ungrammatical
h u n i	ungrammatical
z ɯ m u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
k a r o	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
l ø v ø	ungrammatical
r u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o f y	ungrammatical
s a p u	ungrammatical
ʒ o k o	ungrammatical
j a v o	ungrammatical
m u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ p o	ungrammatical
v y d o	ungrammatical
d a z i	ungrammatical
d ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
v y n ø	ungrammatical
j o h ɯ	ungrammatical
l e f y	ungrammatical
v ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
v u r y	ungrammatical
h ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
n a s i	ungrammatical
t y m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
d a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e b ø	ungrammatical
h e v ø	ungrammatical
v i n y	ungrammatical
j y j ø	ungrammatical
m u k y	ungrammatical
n o h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i k y	ungrammatical
z ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ k u	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ u z y	ungrammatical
m e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o t y	ungrammatical
dʒ u m o	ungrammatical
b o h ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
t e z o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ l u	ungrammatical
n a t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a d y	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʎ i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
f o tʃ o	ungrammatical
n ø l u	ungrammatical
j ø k o	ungrammatical
b o d y	ungrammatical
l y z o	ungrammatical
r y z ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u tʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
s ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
f ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y l i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø b o	ungrammatical
t y b ɯ	ungrammatical
l e f ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i n o	ungrammatical
s ø j ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ b u	ungrammatical
p y d o	ungrammatical
n ɯ ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o h y	ungrammatical
ʎ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ u f o	ungrammatical
ʃ e t ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e j y	ungrammatical
z u ɡ o	ungrammatical
j ɯ f i	ungrammatical
z o n ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ p y	ungrammatical
ɡ i m o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʃ o	ungrammatical
p ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
h ɯ f y	ungrammatical
f ø n ø	ungrammatical
s e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k y n ɯ	ungrammatical
r y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e s ø	ungrammatical
v ø n o	ungrammatical
n i p ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i b ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ j o	ungrammatical
r i p y	ungrammatical
ɡ i t ɯ	ungrammatical
h a ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɟ e z y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u b y	ungrammatical
ʃ y b u	ungrammatical
v i l ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a b ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e b ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ l i	ungrammatical
ɟ a n u	ungrammatical
m i j u	ungrammatical
ɡ u t i	ungrammatical
l i s ɯ	ungrammatical
h y ʃ u	ungrammatical
v ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
n e f y	ungrammatical
h ɯ d u	ungrammatical
h e z u	ungrammatical
n u p ø	ungrammatical
j a ʃ u	ungrammatical
k u k y	ungrammatical
dʒ u m i	ungrammatical
s ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
l o p y	ungrammatical
m a dʒ o	ungrammatical
k y ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
h y p ø	ungrammatical
b e m ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a f ø	ungrammatical
b o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
p i p y	ungrammatical
l i ɡ y	ungrammatical
k a m ø	ungrammatical
d u s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø f u	ungrammatical
m i b o	ungrammatical
ʒ i s o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
v o ʒ i	ungrammatical
d a r ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u k y	ungrammatical
j u r ø	ungrammatical
s i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ e z y	ungrammatical
l o t y	ungrammatical
tʃ a t u	ungrammatical
b o z i	ungrammatical
p y tʃ o	ungrammatical
j e m ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i v ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɟ u	ungrammatical
b e m y	ungrammatical
dʒ a v u	ungrammatical
n ø p i	ungrammatical
ʃ o k i	ungrammatical
tʃ y l o	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
k y k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e v o	ungrammatical
d u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
j ø b i	ungrammatical
ʃ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
n o ɟ ø	ungrammatical
z u ʃ o	ungrammatical
h o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
l y dʒ i	ungrammatical
z ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
k e v ɯ	ungrammatical
s u dʒ o	ungrammatical
s a ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʎ e t ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø k i	ungrammatical
v a ɟ i	ungrammatical
j o ɡ o	ungrammatical
d ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
j i tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʎ o	ungrammatical
f y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʃ y	ungrammatical
z ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
m ɯ p y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ n u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
d a ʎ i	ungrammatical
n e ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʃ o f i	ungrammatical
d o tʃ y	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
p i b o	ungrammatical
z u tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ i f ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ d o	ungrammatical
b e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o d ø	ungrammatical
h u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
v i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p y r ø	ungrammatical
l i k ø	ungrammatical
v u r i	ungrammatical
z o b y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ z y	ungrammatical
ʒ o z y	ungrammatical
dʒ i j u	ungrammatical
h a z ø	ungrammatical
l o d o	ungrammatical
h i tʃ o	ungrammatical
j ɯ d o	ungrammatical
j e t u	ungrammatical
s ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
n a j i	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
h u m ɯ	ungrammatical
n o t ɯ	ungrammatical
s a ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ e f u	ungrammatical
r a ʃ i	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
tʃ e h u	ungrammatical
tʃ i d y	ungrammatical
v y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ n o	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʎ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
k i k u	ungrammatical
h u z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e m ɯ	ungrammatical
v y r ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
n ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ n u	ungrammatical
z y ʃ i	ungrammatical
v i r ɯ	ungrammatical
j u z i	ungrammatical
l a s u	ungrammatical
ʃ e m o	ungrammatical
d o t i	ungrammatical
m o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
s ø h u	ungrammatical
j y p ø	ungrammatical
z y b i	ungrammatical
r u k ø	ungrammatical
f y d u	ungrammatical
t y f ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
z e ʎ o	ungrammatical
r o z o	ungrammatical
r e s o	ungrammatical
l e ɟ y	ungrammatical
t ø t i	ungrammatical
r i v y	ungrammatical
s i ʒ u	ungrammatical
m a t i	ungrammatical
s e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o d ɯ	ungrammatical
d u z ø	ungrammatical
z e l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u r i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø b i	ungrammatical
r ø t i	ungrammatical
d y b o	ungrammatical
ɡ u n i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ k o	ungrammatical
b y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e z y	ungrammatical
k y j ø	ungrammatical
z a d y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ d i	ungrammatical
d o ʒ o	ungrammatical
v ɯ l o	ungrammatical
r ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
j ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ i t y	ungrammatical
ʃ y f o	ungrammatical
k e d u	ungrammatical
z a z y	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
k a j i	ungrammatical
l o d ɯ	ungrammatical
l a b i	ungrammatical
s o b ø	ungrammatical
f ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ j o	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u z i	ungrammatical
p i k ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
j a ɟ y	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ l y	ungrammatical
b a ʎ i	ungrammatical
r e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
k a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i f y	ungrammatical
k i n u	ungrammatical
f u b ø	ungrammatical
f y s u	ungrammatical
ɡ i p y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
k i k ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø n u	ungrammatical
m u ɡ o	ungrammatical
b ø p ø	ungrammatical
l u r ɯ	ungrammatical
t e b ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ʃ u	ungrammatical
r e h y	ungrammatical
z i b ø	ungrammatical
p ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
l o k i	ungrammatical
p a d i	ungrammatical
l e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
v a d ø	ungrammatical
j i h o	ungrammatical
ʎ e z o	ungrammatical
j ɯ d y	ungrammatical
l y r u	ungrammatical
ʒ o n ø	ungrammatical
l e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e h o	ungrammatical
dʒ a j o	ungrammatical
m y dʒ u	ungrammatical
n a k y	ungrammatical
s ɯ t u	ungrammatical
dʒ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
t u l y	ungrammatical
n u l i	ungrammatical
t e v ø	ungrammatical
j o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b i p ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɟ o	ungrammatical
z ø p ø	ungrammatical
d y b ø	ungrammatical
d e m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø l o	ungrammatical
l u z o	ungrammatical
n e z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø f u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø k ø	ungrammatical
l i t ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ b y	ungrammatical
v o dʒ o	ungrammatical
p i n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ y k ɯ	ungrammatical
n a ɟ o	ungrammatical
t y ʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
k u ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ e f o	ungrammatical
s e h ɯ	ungrammatical
r u f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ m y	ungrammatical
l a tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʎ i tʃ o	ungrammatical
z o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʒ u	ungrammatical
n a f o	ungrammatical
l o b i	ungrammatical
z ɯ d i	ungrammatical
ʒ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
l e j ɯ	ungrammatical
n e ɟ u	ungrammatical
j y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
p u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
m o z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
m e s o	ungrammatical
h o s y	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
j i t ɯ	ungrammatical
t o ʃ y	ungrammatical
f a n ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
n ø j o	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a t o	ungrammatical
n a l ø	ungrammatical
b ø n i	ungrammatical
n ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
s o v i	ungrammatical
ɟ u m ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i tʃ u	ungrammatical
m y f o	ungrammatical
z ɯ z o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʃ y tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ a v i	ungrammatical
h u p ø	ungrammatical
z o ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ k u	ungrammatical
f o dʒ y	ungrammatical
k u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
j ø d u	ungrammatical
b ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
v u s i	ungrammatical
b o p y	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
v y h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y m u	ungrammatical
t y p o	ungrammatical
ɡ i n u	ungrammatical
f u v ø	ungrammatical
r i n ø	ungrammatical
z o m ɯ	ungrammatical
z a ɟ u	ungrammatical
k ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i p o	ungrammatical
l y l ø	ungrammatical
t o k ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k i ʎ u	ungrammatical
h y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø l i	ungrammatical
k i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j o dʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ i d o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u z y	ungrammatical
s ø s o	ungrammatical
ʃ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
d a r y	ungrammatical
v o n o	ungrammatical
t e r y	ungrammatical
ʎ u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
d e p ø	ungrammatical
j a z u	ungrammatical
ʃ a k u	ungrammatical
k o j o	ungrammatical
f u k ø	ungrammatical
m u ʒ i	ungrammatical
b y b o	ungrammatical
n ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
v y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u s y	ungrammatical
f e z y	ungrammatical
s u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y h u	ungrammatical
b y f ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
p u s o	ungrammatical
b ø d u	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u ɟ i	ungrammatical
z ø r o	ungrammatical
v y p u	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɟ o	ungrammatical
z y ʎ o	ungrammatical
h o p ɯ	ungrammatical
k e z y	ungrammatical
r ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʎ y	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p o	ungrammatical
t e l ɯ	ungrammatical
t a l ø	ungrammatical
b a ɡ u	ungrammatical
j y ʎ o	ungrammatical
n a k ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ s i	ungrammatical
v i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y v i	ungrammatical
t e v u	ungrammatical
d y d o	ungrammatical
p i s u	ungrammatical
n y ʎ u	ungrammatical
m e dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
b o r ø	ungrammatical
p e l y	ungrammatical
v i v o	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʃ i	ungrammatical
l ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø b i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø v u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ s o	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʃ u	ungrammatical
d i m y	ungrammatical
s u z o	ungrammatical
n i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø m u	ungrammatical
s e l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y ɟ i	ungrammatical
b e ʒ u	ungrammatical
d o h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o dʒ o	ungrammatical
t a j i	ungrammatical
r o v i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ a p ø	ungrammatical
p i ʎ u	ungrammatical
j ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
k y h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
s y b i	ungrammatical
ʎ i s o	ungrammatical
f a h i	ungrammatical
ɡ a b ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʒ y	ungrammatical
l a m o	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø z o	ungrammatical
b o k y	ungrammatical
j u n ɯ	ungrammatical
n y z u	ungrammatical
dʒ e n y	ungrammatical
ʎ u j i	ungrammatical
p o n y	ungrammatical
n o r o	ungrammatical
ɟ o n i	ungrammatical
h e ɡ u	ungrammatical
k y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r u s y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o f i	ungrammatical
v a z o	ungrammatical
l a b ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i s u	ungrammatical
ʎ o k ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
d y ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ i r o	ungrammatical
p ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
t u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u n y	ungrammatical
ɡ a l o	ungrammatical
p ɯ r y	ungrammatical
j i z o	ungrammatical
d ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ e f ø	ungrammatical
t y n ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ k i	ungrammatical
r o k o	ungrammatical
v o tʃ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ j i	ungrammatical
t ø v o	ungrammatical
l e m ø	ungrammatical
h e h y	ungrammatical
ʎ a l y	ungrammatical
m o ʎ y	ungrammatical
v i tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ y j ø	ungrammatical
b i v o	ungrammatical
n ɯ b i	ungrammatical
k y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p u z ø	ungrammatical
b o ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʃ y	ungrammatical
m y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
m i v o	ungrammatical
k y v u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ t i	ungrammatical
h e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e f y	ungrammatical
n ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
z y t ø	ungrammatical
s a r y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ t o	ungrammatical
ɡ y s o	ungrammatical
f ø j i	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s u v i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø f ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ o p ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i j ø	ungrammatical
h u p y	ungrammatical
v o ʃ y	ungrammatical
z ø d i	ungrammatical
ʃ a f i	ungrammatical
b o ʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ u j o	ungrammatical
ʃ i j y	ungrammatical
j e n ɯ	ungrammatical
h a f y	ungrammatical
d e d y	ungrammatical
t o j ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
k y m u	ungrammatical
f ɯ s u	ungrammatical
t e l o	ungrammatical
m y ʎ u	ungrammatical
t y k o	ungrammatical
f e m ø	ungrammatical
d a v u	ungrammatical
ʎ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
m o v o	ungrammatical
n o ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʃ o ʃ o	ungrammatical
r y m i	ungrammatical
p i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
f e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a v i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
k o f i	ungrammatical
b e s u	ungrammatical
k u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u d ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o v ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø k u	ungrammatical
s ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o j y	ungrammatical
m a n u	ungrammatical
b ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
p o f y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
p i ʃ u	ungrammatical
ɟ i d o	ungrammatical
ʎ o v o	ungrammatical
j ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u m ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ l u	ungrammatical
b ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
z e m y	ungrammatical
t y m o	ungrammatical
b o p i	ungrammatical
ɟ a t u	ungrammatical
ʎ o ɡ i	ungrammatical
n i ʃ u	ungrammatical
n e f u	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l i h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a r u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
t e ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a dʒ i	ungrammatical
t i d ɯ	ungrammatical
s u r y	ungrammatical
f u ʎ y	ungrammatical
z o n o	ungrammatical
j u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o z ɯ	ungrammatical
f a b ø	ungrammatical
s e b y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø f ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʎ e s o	ungrammatical
p e ɟ u	ungrammatical
k o h o	ungrammatical
t ø k ø	ungrammatical
n u j ø	ungrammatical
r u h i	ungrammatical
ʃ o z i	ungrammatical
ʎ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
p u s i	ungrammatical
b i ʃ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
d ø m o	ungrammatical
t i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
f u m ɯ	ungrammatical
f i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o s y	ungrammatical
k ɯ z o	ungrammatical
n ɯ d o	ungrammatical
k e ɟ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
ɡ u r o	ungrammatical
m y ʒ u	ungrammatical
l a v i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
s ɯ l o	ungrammatical
ɟ y v i	ungrammatical
f e h ɯ	ungrammatical
j e v o	ungrammatical
f i j ɯ	ungrammatical
t e dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ e d ø	ungrammatical
t e s y	ungrammatical
p u ʒ o	ungrammatical
h a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
t ø k u	ungrammatical
ʎ u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø r u	ungrammatical
f ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
j i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
f i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
s y ʒ u	ungrammatical
d ɯ f o	ungrammatical
n y f ɯ	ungrammatical
z i j o	ungrammatical
n o z i	ungrammatical
m ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u h ø	ungrammatical
f a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u t y	ungrammatical
s a v o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ v i	ungrammatical
h u ɟ y	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
n y h u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
m y d ø	ungrammatical
r u r y	ungrammatical
k e ʃ y	ungrammatical
s ø k ø	ungrammatical
ʃ i m u	ungrammatical
v e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a n u	ungrammatical
b a h u	ungrammatical
z y j u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø b ø	ungrammatical
r y p ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a r i	ungrammatical
v a d o	ungrammatical
z i t o	ungrammatical
p u f o	ungrammatical
dʒ a z o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u l i	ungrammatical
h i p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ p i	ungrammatical
tʃ o n ø	ungrammatical
ʒ e ʎ o	ungrammatical
z e h o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ e h u	ungrammatical
dʒ i f y	ungrammatical
f ɯ f o	ungrammatical
v ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ u b o	ungrammatical
ɟ o m ɯ	ungrammatical
m i f o	ungrammatical
v a h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ a b o	ungrammatical
n i n ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ r u	ungrammatical
b ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z ø r u	ungrammatical
h ø b ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o ɡ i	ungrammatical
j u z ɯ	ungrammatical
v i ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
s ɯ n u	ungrammatical
l o k ɯ	ungrammatical
p u t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a m i	ungrammatical
ɟ e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n u k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i l u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø k ø	ungrammatical
d i f o	ungrammatical
h ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
n y b ø	ungrammatical
b a l o	ungrammatical
ʃ i s y	ungrammatical
b i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ z y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
d u ɟ y	ungrammatical
s o s ø	ungrammatical
j a d y	ungrammatical
f o p ɯ	ungrammatical
n u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e tʃ u	ungrammatical
b e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
m ø n u	ungrammatical
n a l o	ungrammatical
m e r ø	ungrammatical
j ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ s y	ungrammatical
v ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø t u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
b ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
z o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
l i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
z e z y	ungrammatical
j ɯ l y	ungrammatical
m e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y z i	ungrammatical
h i f u	ungrammatical
s a ɟ i	ungrammatical
r ɯ k o	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
v i m o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
k y z i	ungrammatical
n i s o	ungrammatical
h o v ɯ	ungrammatical
z e t y	ungrammatical
tʃ o k ø	ungrammatical
b o t y	ungrammatical
z y tʃ i	ungrammatical
l ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
m i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
d y r o	ungrammatical
z e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t y m ø	ungrammatical
d u tʃ i	ungrammatical
m e z y	ungrammatical
ʒ a s o	ungrammatical
n y ʒ u	ungrammatical
m y b o	ungrammatical
b ø v o	ungrammatical
k e ʒ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ d u	ungrammatical
dʒ o d i	ungrammatical
j i ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʎ o r ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʃ o	ungrammatical
m y ʒ i	ungrammatical
p i ʃ o	ungrammatical
t o d y	ungrammatical
z y j ø	ungrammatical
r ø l o	ungrammatical
ɟ i r y	ungrammatical
f e j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e h ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø s o	ungrammatical
z i m ɯ	ungrammatical
t a s o	ungrammatical
s y r u	ungrammatical
h o n ø	ungrammatical
r ø f o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f o ɡ o	ungrammatical
r u tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɡ i	ungrammatical
k y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b a tʃ y	ungrammatical
v i j o	ungrammatical
b a ɟ o	ungrammatical
m ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
dʒ u z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʒ u	ungrammatical
f i ʃ y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø s i	ungrammatical
v a b i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø s ø	ungrammatical
z ø z i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ j o	ungrammatical
f y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h i l ɯ	ungrammatical
m ø p o	ungrammatical
m e dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ o h ø	ungrammatical
f y n ø	ungrammatical
n i ɡ u	ungrammatical
r u k o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø t u	ungrammatical
ʎ e d u	ungrammatical
ʒ a ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ u b i	ungrammatical
v y tʃ o	ungrammatical
r u k i	ungrammatical
ɡ u n ɯ	ungrammatical
z o s o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
p o n ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ u r ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o j ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ v y	ungrammatical
p y f i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
b y d u	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
s ø r o	ungrammatical
d i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b i s o	ungrammatical
j i p ø	ungrammatical
d ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
v y t o	ungrammatical
ʒ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
f u m i	ungrammatical
s ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
h u v ɯ	ungrammatical
r ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
n a l y	ungrammatical
m o t y	ungrammatical
s a r o	ungrammatical
s u h i	ungrammatical
ʎ e j ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ø n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y p o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ a dʒ i	ungrammatical
f i s o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ d i	ungrammatical
n a k o	ungrammatical
ʎ o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y f ɯ	ungrammatical
k a t i	ungrammatical
s ø v o	ungrammatical
p i j u	ungrammatical
b u d o	ungrammatical
dʒ u dʒ y	ungrammatical
m ɯ m y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
d i ɡ u	ungrammatical
l e l ɯ	ungrammatical
z u d o	ungrammatical
h a ɟ u	ungrammatical
m y z i	ungrammatical
j u r y	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
p ɯ n ø	ungrammatical
s a v y	ungrammatical
b u s ɯ	ungrammatical
k a z ø	ungrammatical
z o dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a m ø	ungrammatical
t e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
z ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
d o m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
d e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i tʃ y	ungrammatical
h ɯ t y	ungrammatical
k y ɟ o	ungrammatical
b y p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø ʃ ø	ungrammatical
m y m o	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ i r ø	ungrammatical
m i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p a p u	ungrammatical
v a r o	ungrammatical
z a ɟ i	ungrammatical
m o ɡ o	ungrammatical
z ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
f a ɟ i	ungrammatical
k y r o	ungrammatical
z u h o	ungrammatical
z y j ɯ	ungrammatical
d y j i	ungrammatical
v ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø z u	ungrammatical
d i ʃ o	ungrammatical
d ɯ d o	ungrammatical
r y b o	ungrammatical
p e f o	ungrammatical
d a f y	ungrammatical
z a k i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ v o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø v o	ungrammatical
j e f ɯ	ungrammatical
s a t o	ungrammatical
v y n o	ungrammatical
v ɯ h u	ungrammatical
tʃ y v u	ungrammatical
ʎ u b ø	ungrammatical
l u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ f i	ungrammatical
ɟ y r u	ungrammatical
b y ʎ o	ungrammatical
f ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s y p u	ungrammatical
z ø j ø	ungrammatical
t i z o	ungrammatical
f y k o	ungrammatical
z u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o s o	ungrammatical
n u h y	ungrammatical
h o r ø	ungrammatical
j e d ɯ	ungrammatical
k i j y	ungrammatical
p a ʃ o	ungrammatical
v y ʃ i	ungrammatical
b a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø p i	ungrammatical
v e ʎ y	ungrammatical
b a ʎ o	ungrammatical
tʃ o z i	ungrammatical
dʒ a s ø	ungrammatical
l y l u	ungrammatical
ʃ i r o	ungrammatical
ɟ u t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɡ u	ungrammatical
b a t i	ungrammatical
ʎ y z ɯ	ungrammatical
s e dʒ y	ungrammatical
d ø j ø	ungrammatical
h o ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ i f o	ungrammatical
ʎ u v ɯ	ungrammatical
b o ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø n ø	ungrammatical
d ø s u	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʒ i	ungrammatical
r u p y	ungrammatical
h i ʒ o	ungrammatical
b a ʃ o	ungrammatical
v o ɟ o	ungrammatical
j ɯ m y	ungrammatical
r ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
v o v ɯ	ungrammatical
f a n o	ungrammatical
z o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
m y l u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ o l o	ungrammatical
v e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ d o	ungrammatical
k a p o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ h i	ungrammatical
r e s ø	ungrammatical
h a t y	ungrammatical
k ø m u	ungrammatical
r y ɡ u	ungrammatical
l ø v o	ungrammatical
k ø v u	ungrammatical
d u v ø	ungrammatical
l ø j i	ungrammatical
f a f u	ungrammatical
s a k y	ungrammatical
ɡ i k o	ungrammatical
v ɯ s y	ungrammatical
t i b o	ungrammatical
t e n y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
p i h ø	ungrammatical
k o dʒ y	ungrammatical
b e m ɯ	ungrammatical
n u ɟ y	ungrammatical
p y ʎ i	ungrammatical
h o v i	ungrammatical
r u b ɯ	ungrammatical
b i d u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
r i ɟ y	ungrammatical
n u l o	ungrammatical
h ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e n ɯ	ungrammatical
r e ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o r i	ungrammatical
dʒ u f y	ungrammatical
b i r ø	ungrammatical
l a tʃ o	ungrammatical
n o tʃ i	ungrammatical
h y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o d ɯ	ungrammatical
p i t o	ungrammatical
n i l ɯ	ungrammatical
k u d ø	ungrammatical
z e dʒ ø	ungrammatical
b e d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a v u	ungrammatical
d i v ɯ	ungrammatical
t u t ɯ	ungrammatical
z u n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ l i	ungrammatical
s u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e t o	ungrammatical
m i ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ i p y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ k y	ungrammatical
d i l y	ungrammatical
m e f o	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʃ u	ungrammatical
p y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m a v ø	ungrammatical
n u m ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o f o	ungrammatical
ʎ e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i s u	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʃ u	ungrammatical
d y k u	ungrammatical
z e b ø	ungrammatical
z u j ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø j u	ungrammatical
n u b i	ungrammatical
m u b ɯ	ungrammatical
h ɯ l i	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ f u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i h y	ungrammatical
j e b y	ungrammatical
k y s i	ungrammatical
m y p u	ungrammatical
l i b o	ungrammatical
dʒ o b o	ungrammatical
h e b y	ungrammatical
b y m o	ungrammatical
d ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i m ø	ungrammatical
t y ʎ i	ungrammatical
k ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
j o f ø	ungrammatical
j i l y	ungrammatical
l a ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø k u	ungrammatical
d y m ɯ	ungrammatical
j e b u	ungrammatical
d o f ø	ungrammatical
z u h y	ungrammatical
j a ɡ i	ungrammatical
n a ɟ u	ungrammatical
k ø d i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ h u	ungrammatical
t ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
t y s o	ungrammatical
z o f ɯ	ungrammatical
d y ɟ i	ungrammatical
v ø l u	ungrammatical
m ø f u	ungrammatical
t ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʎ y	ungrammatical
f e h ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
b u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s e l u	ungrammatical
s y h u	ungrammatical
f ɯ m u	ungrammatical
f u r o	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
s a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u k y	ungrammatical
r u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ e s ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɟ o	ungrammatical
k o k y	ungrammatical
s o f o	ungrammatical
t i z ø	ungrammatical
m u ʎ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ n y	ungrammatical
n u f i	ungrammatical
p o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ h ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
r y m ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y dʒ o	ungrammatical
r u m y	ungrammatical
v e dʒ y	ungrammatical
n ɯ h i	ungrammatical
h u r ɯ	ungrammatical
n a v ø	ungrammatical
d i b ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i l u	ungrammatical
ʎ e b ø	ungrammatical
k a b y	ungrammatical
ʎ a r i	ungrammatical
k e d y	ungrammatical
b o ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɡ u	ungrammatical
p i l ɯ	ungrammatical
n e s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø d i	ungrammatical
s i t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ i ʎ o	ungrammatical
k o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m y j ø	ungrammatical
z i ʒ u	ungrammatical
l o f o	ungrammatical
j ø n ø	ungrammatical
m ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i n u	ungrammatical
ʒ ø p o	ungrammatical
dʒ a d i	ungrammatical
f e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʃ i	ungrammatical
p e j u	ungrammatical
ɡ y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r o h ø	ungrammatical
z y m u	ungrammatical
p u z y	ungrammatical
d ɯ n i	ungrammatical
t ø t o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
d i l u	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
t a v u	ungrammatical
f o l y	ungrammatical
tʃ o m y	ungrammatical
b i z o	ungrammatical
b i d ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø p o	ungrammatical
r o v ø	ungrammatical
f y ʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ u b o	ungrammatical
n ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
s y k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a l u	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
h a ʒ o	ungrammatical
l i z ɯ	ungrammatical
t e p ɯ	ungrammatical
d i t u	ungrammatical
ʒ i l u	ungrammatical
b a n y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø d o	ungrammatical
z ɯ m o	ungrammatical
m y tʃ o	ungrammatical
p ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
f y f ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʎ u f o	ungrammatical
l i l o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
k o tʃ i	ungrammatical
v i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɟ u	ungrammatical
j o m i	ungrammatical
ʎ a r u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ f o	ungrammatical
tʃ i k ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a dʒ y	ungrammatical
f u p o	ungrammatical
j u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z u ʃ y	ungrammatical
h e m ɯ	ungrammatical
s u ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʃ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h e b ɯ	ungrammatical
j a k i	ungrammatical
f ɯ k u	ungrammatical
l ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
s i v ɯ	ungrammatical
r i r o	ungrammatical
dʒ e h ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i j ø	ungrammatical
d e d u	ungrammatical
h a d u	ungrammatical
ʒ u s o	ungrammatical
j a ʃ y	ungrammatical
p ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
v ø k i	ungrammatical
s u m o	ungrammatical
r i ɟ u	ungrammatical
p ɯ n o	ungrammatical
v ø n i	ungrammatical
ɟ e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o ɟ o	ungrammatical
r e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y h ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o m i	ungrammatical
r ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e l o	ungrammatical
v o n ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ n i	ungrammatical
s a h y	ungrammatical
k a dʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y l ø	ungrammatical
s y s ɯ	ungrammatical
m a z ø	ungrammatical
z i k ø	ungrammatical
b a t u	ungrammatical
ɟ y p ɯ	ungrammatical
f u ʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ e z ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e k ø	ungrammatical
l y m o	ungrammatical
f u t ɯ	ungrammatical
r a m y	ungrammatical
v ɯ z i	ungrammatical
tʃ o dʒ o	ungrammatical
t y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ s o	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ e n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø r o	ungrammatical
l y ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i f o	ungrammatical
t ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
n u tʃ i	ungrammatical
f ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
b e ʒ y	ungrammatical
f ɯ k o	ungrammatical
t o p i	ungrammatical
k u ɡ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ʃ i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
n ø d o	ungrammatical
f i j o	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
h y v o	ungrammatical
ʃ u j i	ungrammatical
l i j y	ungrammatical
z u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a k y	ungrammatical
f ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i l ɯ	ungrammatical
p e m o	ungrammatical
l i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t e h ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o m y	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʒ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ s o	ungrammatical
z i dʒ o	ungrammatical
h ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
m ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i p o	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ u ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʎ i m y	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
k e r u	ungrammatical
ʒ e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e p o	ungrammatical
k ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
k o z y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø t o	ungrammatical
v ɯ s u	ungrammatical
h o z y	ungrammatical
t u b ɯ	ungrammatical
n y tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ s u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e b ɯ	ungrammatical
d y b i	ungrammatical
b e ʎ y	ungrammatical
j i p o	ungrammatical
k o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
n e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
v o k i	ungrammatical
tʃ a dʒ o	ungrammatical
h i z y	ungrammatical
ʎ i p y	ungrammatical
r ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
l a ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
r i z ɯ	ungrammatical
z o h o	ungrammatical
ɟ u z i	ungrammatical
l ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
m a j u	ungrammatical
b a s i	ungrammatical
p i l u	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʎ y	ungrammatical
p i h o	ungrammatical
n o m y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a k y	ungrammatical
f a f y	ungrammatical
m y v ø	ungrammatical
k y l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʃ i l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø t i	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø n u	ungrammatical
v e ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ l o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
n ɯ t y	ungrammatical
l ɯ j y	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ o tʃ y	ungrammatical
h a j ø	ungrammatical
t y t o	ungrammatical
v a z ø	ungrammatical
m i h o	ungrammatical
n i v ɯ	ungrammatical
t i z ɯ	ungrammatical
v y s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ z i	ungrammatical
l i r ɯ	ungrammatical
t i j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o v y	ungrammatical
b a v o	ungrammatical
j u ʎ o	ungrammatical
l ø d ø	ungrammatical
s u b ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ f i	ungrammatical
n ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
m a k ø	ungrammatical
h u v ø	ungrammatical
j a f y	ungrammatical
d a ʒ o	ungrammatical
p a v i	ungrammatical
k a l o	ungrammatical
l u dʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
d o f y	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʒ u	ungrammatical
r e ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
k u l ɯ	ungrammatical
s i f u	ungrammatical
k ø h i	ungrammatical
h u ɡ o	ungrammatical
dʒ i l ø	ungrammatical
s o ʃ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ d y	ungrammatical
z u k o	ungrammatical
z e k y	ungrammatical
r u s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i d ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a b ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e l y	ungrammatical
j a t u	ungrammatical
ʃ i t o	ungrammatical
v a l i	ungrammatical
j o s ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y ɡ o	ungrammatical
k y ʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
h a k y	ungrammatical
m y v u	ungrammatical
j ø r u	ungrammatical
k i m o	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʎ o j ɯ	ungrammatical
z i p ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
z e t o	ungrammatical
r i tʃ y	ungrammatical
j ø z ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
n e m ɯ	ungrammatical
v e k o	ungrammatical
v e t y	ungrammatical
d i l o	ungrammatical
j y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
b a b y	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʃ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
b o m o	ungrammatical
ʃ u r y	ungrammatical
f a v ø	ungrammatical
m o k y	ungrammatical
b u l ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a p i	ungrammatical
m e d u	ungrammatical
d i d u	ungrammatical
k i ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʃ o	ungrammatical
n a m u	ungrammatical
j e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʃ o	ungrammatical
t u j y	ungrammatical
f a f i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ r y	ungrammatical
j ø t ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i m ø	ungrammatical
d i p ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a j u	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ɯ t y	ungrammatical
tʃ y m i	ungrammatical
b ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ d y	ungrammatical
m ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
n e d ɯ	ungrammatical
k i h ɯ	ungrammatical
h u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n o s o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ɟ y	ungrammatical
dʒ i r y	ungrammatical
ɟ o t i	ungrammatical
r y tʃ ø	ungrammatical
b e j o	ungrammatical
p ø z i	ungrammatical
r ø f i	ungrammatical
t a p o	ungrammatical
ʒ a n ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ n o	ungrammatical
h ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
s y m ø	ungrammatical
n ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y d i	ungrammatical
ɟ o r o	ungrammatical
r i h ø	ungrammatical
v y j ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ b y	ungrammatical
f u r ø	ungrammatical
j a k o	ungrammatical
z u v o	ungrammatical
f u d ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ j u	ungrammatical
z y d i	ungrammatical
j i n y	ungrammatical
m e n y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ n i	ungrammatical
k o z i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø f ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ v i	ungrammatical
s ø t i	ungrammatical
z a ɟ y	ungrammatical
f a h ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u ɡ i	ungrammatical
f e r o	ungrammatical
p ɯ b ø	ungrammatical
z u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l i l ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ k y	ungrammatical
ɟ i m ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a h ø	ungrammatical
k ø b ø	ungrammatical
m o ʎ i	ungrammatical
z ø r i	ungrammatical
h ø t o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ l o	ungrammatical
ɟ o h i	ungrammatical
tʃ i b ɯ	ungrammatical
l o k y	ungrammatical
ʃ y t o	ungrammatical
v e f ɯ	ungrammatical
s u t o	ungrammatical
v y s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʎ a v ø	ungrammatical
d a s u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
t u d ø	ungrammatical
k i k ø	ungrammatical
k i d u	ungrammatical
tʃ i r ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
s u tʃ y	ungrammatical
r ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
j u f y	ungrammatical
ʃ u dʒ i	ungrammatical
s a f ø	ungrammatical
l i j u	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
t ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
v ø k o	ungrammatical
k a ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ u b y	ungrammatical
f e s u	ungrammatical
ɟ a t y	ungrammatical
f e k u	ungrammatical
ʎ u z ø	ungrammatical
d e z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o dʒ y	ungrammatical
m u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
v ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
d ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
ʒ y j ø	ungrammatical
s ø k o	ungrammatical
ʒ e j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ a p ø	ungrammatical
b o n i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
l y v i	ungrammatical
h o n ɯ	ungrammatical
s ɯ n i	ungrammatical
r a dʒ o	ungrammatical
v o f ɯ	ungrammatical
s i ʒ y	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
s u n ɯ	ungrammatical
h a r ø	ungrammatical
r e ɟ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ h u	ungrammatical
f u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m i m o	ungrammatical
t e z y	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
p o tʃ i	ungrammatical
k u tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʃ u d o	ungrammatical
p a s i	ungrammatical
ʎ e l ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h i b o	ungrammatical
s ɯ j y	ungrammatical
f u h o	ungrammatical
v ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r y f i	ungrammatical
n a ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ u f ɯ	ungrammatical
l e v u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ m i	ungrammatical
ʒ y l ø	ungrammatical
l ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
n ø m i	ungrammatical
ʎ e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z u k ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a l u	ungrammatical
k ø f o	ungrammatical
r ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
b e h o	ungrammatical
j a ʒ o	ungrammatical
z a v y	ungrammatical
f o b ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø j o	ungrammatical
n ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ a m y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ j u	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʃ y	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ u j ɯ	ungrammatical
t ø s i	ungrammatical
p y ɟ i	ungrammatical
f o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b u d i	ungrammatical
l y ʒ o	ungrammatical
p i h y	ungrammatical
f ø b i	ungrammatical
tʃ o m ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø p i	ungrammatical
s e tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l a k i	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʃ u	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʒ i	ungrammatical
dʒ i m u	ungrammatical
k ɯ l u	ungrammatical
v e t ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
k i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p e d y	ungrammatical
v o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø z i	ungrammatical
ɡ u j o	ungrammatical
l u ɡ i	ungrammatical
d a tʃ y	ungrammatical
b u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
l u ʎ i	ungrammatical
d i n y	ungrammatical
n y n ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø p ø	ungrammatical
r ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
v a ʎ y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
s i dʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ a n o	ungrammatical
n ɯ d u	ungrammatical
ɡ a tʃ y	ungrammatical
t e s o	ungrammatical
ɟ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a k o	ungrammatical
k e ʎ y	ungrammatical
f u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p a r o	ungrammatical
p ø b i	ungrammatical
s i l y	ungrammatical
z u ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
v u v ɯ	ungrammatical
b u m o	ungrammatical
h ɯ j o	ungrammatical
r y j o	ungrammatical
n a r y	ungrammatical
k a m o	ungrammatical
t o v ø	ungrammatical
f a h u	ungrammatical
tʃ e d ɯ	ungrammatical
h u n o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
l i v u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ m o	ungrammatical
s i l o	ungrammatical
j ø s u	ungrammatical
k y m ø	ungrammatical
h e f ɯ	ungrammatical
h o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
k y l o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
m a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
k a d y	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɟ i	ungrammatical
n a ʃ u	ungrammatical
k o l y	ungrammatical
ʒ o h i	ungrammatical
n y k ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ f y	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s e l o	ungrammatical
t i p o	ungrammatical
ɟ u k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a n o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a h i	ungrammatical
h i r o	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
z a f o	ungrammatical
ʒ u v ɯ	ungrammatical
k a n o	ungrammatical
m i z y	ungrammatical
d o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a j u	ungrammatical
ʒ u t ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i m u	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
m o s y	ungrammatical
ɟ o f ø	ungrammatical
h y h o	ungrammatical
h a p y	ungrammatical
ʃ u l i	ungrammatical
tʃ a l y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø f u	ungrammatical
k ø z u	ungrammatical
b u ɡ y	ungrammatical
m y n ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o b o	ungrammatical
b u ʎ o	ungrammatical
z e l u	ungrammatical
n u v ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ø m u	ungrammatical
k o p ø	ungrammatical
r ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
n o r i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø d i	ungrammatical
d u l o	ungrammatical
r y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
k o s i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ t u	ungrammatical
m a p o	ungrammatical
j e ʎ y	ungrammatical
t ø b o	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɡ i	ungrammatical
z e tʃ y	ungrammatical
k a z i	ungrammatical
ɟ i j y	ungrammatical
z y ʒ u	ungrammatical
j ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
b o z ø	ungrammatical
z u ɡ i	ungrammatical
t ø r o	ungrammatical
ʎ ø f u	ungrammatical
b i f u	ungrammatical
n a s u	ungrammatical
t i d y	ungrammatical
l e j u	ungrammatical
ɡ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o j ø	ungrammatical
d u b ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ u f ɯ	ungrammatical
v i d u	ungrammatical
z e f o	ungrammatical
tʃ i f ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y d ɯ	ungrammatical
j y r o	ungrammatical
t ø t ø	ungrammatical
b y b ø	ungrammatical
h y j ø	ungrammatical
l i k o	ungrammatical
f e r y	ungrammatical
m y z ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a l y	ungrammatical
r i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
k e b y	ungrammatical
ɟ u b i	ungrammatical
l u p y	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʒ o	ungrammatical
n e v ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u z ɯ	ungrammatical
t e t ɯ	ungrammatical
n o f ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i r ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a n ø	ungrammatical
f a v u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʒ i	ungrammatical
f e p ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɡ i n o	ungrammatical
r i ʃ y	ungrammatical
v e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
h y ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʃ y f u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ z i	ungrammatical
dʒ y j i	ungrammatical
h ø j o	ungrammatical
tʃ e p ɯ	ungrammatical
t a tʃ y	ungrammatical
n i b o	ungrammatical
ʒ a tʃ ø	ungrammatical
t ø z ø	ungrammatical
m i b y	ungrammatical
k o r ø	ungrammatical
z ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
k i ʒ y	ungrammatical
l o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n o ʎ y	ungrammatical
t i t u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ v u	ungrammatical
p ø k o	ungrammatical
m o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h o k ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ y h u	ungrammatical
b e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y z u	ungrammatical
v u v o	ungrammatical
t u p ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ k y	ungrammatical
ʎ y b u	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
s ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ d u	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø n ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ e h ɯ	ungrammatical
k a tʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ a f u	ungrammatical
s u r i	ungrammatical
k i tʃ y	ungrammatical
p i ɡ y	ungrammatical
t ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
j ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
p ɯ dʒ i	ungrammatical
v i s ɯ	ungrammatical
k i b u	ungrammatical
h i tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a ʒ i	ungrammatical
b y p o	ungrammatical
h ø p o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r u ʒ y	ungrammatical
d ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
s i d o	ungrammatical
v o ɡ o	ungrammatical
p u p ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø s i	ungrammatical
s u p y	ungrammatical
m i n o	ungrammatical
p u tʃ y	ungrammatical
m ɯ b o	ungrammatical
k o d ø	ungrammatical
s ø b ø	ungrammatical
n ø b ø	ungrammatical
s o tʃ o	ungrammatical
j ø d i	ungrammatical
l e d y	ungrammatical
r ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
b y m i	ungrammatical
ɟ e l ɯ	ungrammatical
t y ʎ u	ungrammatical
f a f o	ungrammatical
m ø v i	ungrammatical
k e f u	ungrammatical
k u d y	ungrammatical
l i b ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o n y	ungrammatical
ʃ e p o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ r o	ungrammatical
z y v o	ungrammatical
s o d y	ungrammatical
l o b ɯ	ungrammatical
b i b u	ungrammatical
j i tʃ u	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
n e f o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
v a p u	ungrammatical
h u h ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø z o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ɡ y	ungrammatical
d ø j o	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ h o	ungrammatical
b ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
z u ʎ i	ungrammatical
t ø h ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a d ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a n o	ungrammatical
s e ɡ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y s i	ungrammatical
tʃ o r o	ungrammatical
ʒ y z ø	ungrammatical
m e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j a v ø	ungrammatical
h i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ i m ø	ungrammatical
b a r ø	ungrammatical
j u p ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
t y h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ a r i	ungrammatical
s u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ l i	ungrammatical
f y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
z y t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø m i	ungrammatical
r e tʃ o	ungrammatical
r e r u	ungrammatical
v y b u	ungrammatical
n ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
b y h ø	ungrammatical
t a p i	ungrammatical
r i v ɯ	ungrammatical
h e k ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ h i	ungrammatical
j ɯ s o	ungrammatical
b i m ɯ	ungrammatical
h u z ɯ	ungrammatical
j y ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h o n i	ungrammatical
ʃ e m u	ungrammatical
k e v u	ungrammatical
k i b o	ungrammatical
ʃ u f y	ungrammatical
h i v y	ungrammatical
d e k u	ungrammatical
n e f ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a m i	ungrammatical
z y p ɯ	ungrammatical
r u ʒ i	ungrammatical
k u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
k y v ø	ungrammatical
m ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
b i l o	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
d ø v u	ungrammatical
v ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø s i	ungrammatical
k ø b i	ungrammatical
d u h i	ungrammatical
f o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
z o d i	ungrammatical
b a r i	ungrammatical
v ø r u	ungrammatical
r i b u	ungrammatical
t ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɡ i n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o h ø	ungrammatical
d e tʃ u	ungrammatical
v ø d ɯ	ungrammatical
p y ʒ u	ungrammatical
h ɯ v y	ungrammatical
b u f ɯ	ungrammatical
h i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ i k ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø s i	ungrammatical
dʒ a h y	ungrammatical
t ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
r u ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʎ i f u	ungrammatical
ɟ u b ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ n o	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i d o	ungrammatical
n i h u	ungrammatical
k ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
r o h ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ɟ y f o	ungrammatical
dʒ a tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʃ a d i	ungrammatical
t a n ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a n y	ungrammatical
s e ʎ o	ungrammatical
l y v o	ungrammatical
d i z u	ungrammatical
k ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
n o d ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø s u	ungrammatical
s o j ɯ	ungrammatical
f y h u	ungrammatical
p ø d i	ungrammatical
r ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h e d y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø s ø	ungrammatical
j u ʃ i	ungrammatical
t ɯ f y	ungrammatical
b i r y	ungrammatical
p y ʃ i	ungrammatical
k ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
f u s y	ungrammatical
v ø b i	ungrammatical
f e ɟ o	ungrammatical
r ø z i	ungrammatical
dʒ a l y	ungrammatical
r ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
b a v u	ungrammatical
j ɯ r y	ungrammatical
h ɯ v o	ungrammatical
n u tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ a p i	ungrammatical
z i j u	ungrammatical
d ɯ v i	ungrammatical
b ø k i	ungrammatical
p a z i	ungrammatical
ʒ o p i	ungrammatical
ɟ i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ o s i	ungrammatical
j o h ø	ungrammatical
k o k ɯ	ungrammatical
z i r u	ungrammatical
n i j ɯ	ungrammatical
b a z u	ungrammatical
j a r y	ungrammatical
r e ɟ u	ungrammatical
tʃ y ʃ u	ungrammatical
f o v i	ungrammatical
l o t ɯ	ungrammatical
h a m o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ u m ɯ	ungrammatical
h y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z u j o	ungrammatical
p i n ø	ungrammatical
p a n u	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
l u s y	ungrammatical
z y dʒ o	ungrammatical
k y f i	ungrammatical
z ø d ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʃ o p ø	ungrammatical
v a l u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
v a ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
l e k u	ungrammatical
p o dʒ i	ungrammatical
n i h ø	ungrammatical
k e l ɯ	ungrammatical
n a z o	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ v u	ungrammatical
ʃ e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u ʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ j i	ungrammatical
r ø z u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø m i	ungrammatical
ɡ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
m u z o	ungrammatical
r e r y	ungrammatical
b y d ø	ungrammatical
m ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ i h y	ungrammatical
p a f i	ungrammatical
m ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɟ u h ø	ungrammatical
b u f y	ungrammatical
v u m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u m ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɡ o	ungrammatical
m u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
j u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ l i	ungrammatical
n a j o	ungrammatical
b u v i	ungrammatical
s u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
p o d o	ungrammatical
p o ʎ i	ungrammatical
ɟ e n y	ungrammatical
l a b o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø r u	ungrammatical
l ø ɟ ø	ungrammatical
h u d y	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
v u z ɯ	ungrammatical
d u s ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i d ø	ungrammatical
b i t y	ungrammatical
s ɯ z u	ungrammatical
ɟ i s ø	ungrammatical
j i k u	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
n e h ø	ungrammatical
d e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
f i s ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e p y	ungrammatical
r ɯ b o	ungrammatical
m ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
v e p y	ungrammatical
l i b u	ungrammatical
ʒ o ɡ i	ungrammatical
p a t ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o f ɯ	ungrammatical
m o b o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
z y t u	ungrammatical
r ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u t i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
t ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
ɡ o p i	ungrammatical
k ɯ j i	ungrammatical
tʃ u s i	ungrammatical
p ɯ n u	ungrammatical
z i j y	ungrammatical
l u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a l ø	ungrammatical
s y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʎ i	ungrammatical
k ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u ɡ y	ungrammatical
z ø p u	ungrammatical
m o s ɯ	ungrammatical
b i ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e v ø	ungrammatical
v o p i	ungrammatical
r o j ø	ungrammatical
z o l ɯ	ungrammatical
h i s y	ungrammatical
k u v ø	ungrammatical
d y d u	ungrammatical
l a h o	ungrammatical
ʎ u l o	ungrammatical
v u dʒ y	ungrammatical
t o f ɯ	ungrammatical
r u z ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ j u	ungrammatical
p o t o	ungrammatical
v u t ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ v u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø h ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
k y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
k o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʃ y	ungrammatical
l y v u	ungrammatical
b ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
b ø j u	ungrammatical
l u l i	ungrammatical
dʒ e n u	ungrammatical
s u ʃ y	ungrammatical
l i m ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e d ø	ungrammatical
b y ɡ u	ungrammatical
z o b o	ungrammatical
ɟ o l i	ungrammatical
t y n ø	ungrammatical
n ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
v o f i	ungrammatical
ɡ y ʃ i	ungrammatical
s o l i	ungrammatical
s e v o	ungrammatical
s ɯ p u	ungrammatical
d a ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
d y r u	ungrammatical
d a ɟ i	ungrammatical
v u n i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø m u	ungrammatical
p ø n ø	ungrammatical
t a l o	ungrammatical
d i b y	ungrammatical
s ø t ø	ungrammatical
h o r o	ungrammatical
ɟ y ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ dʒ o	ungrammatical
s ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɡ i f u	ungrammatical
f y h o	ungrammatical
k ɯ f o	ungrammatical
t ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
l i d u	ungrammatical
s a h i	ungrammatical
f i n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a f y	ungrammatical
n e j u	ungrammatical
n y v u	ungrammatical
h e ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m i b ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y t o	ungrammatical
m u j ɯ	ungrammatical
s e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
f i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u t o	ungrammatical
dʒ i tʃ y	ungrammatical
j y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
h e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r ɯ m u	ungrammatical
z i z ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v e p u	ungrammatical
dʒ u f i	ungrammatical
ɡ i l o	ungrammatical
ʒ u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i ʎ u	ungrammatical
l a r u	ungrammatical
d ø j i	ungrammatical
l ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ y ɟ u	ungrammatical
b ø k ø	ungrammatical
s y d ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ m i	ungrammatical
ʒ e t u	ungrammatical
k ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
d i n u	ungrammatical
f y t ɯ	ungrammatical
j ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ d i	ungrammatical
tʃ ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
s e f o	ungrammatical
n i r ɯ	ungrammatical
m a r o	ungrammatical
j o b y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø n o	ungrammatical
ʒ o n y	ungrammatical
ɟ i ɡ u	ungrammatical
j a k u	ungrammatical
ʃ u p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ u v ø	ungrammatical
b u j i	ungrammatical
r o n y	ungrammatical
d y ʃ o	ungrammatical
l u ɡ y	ungrammatical
ɟ i t u	ungrammatical
k u ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ y h ɯ	ungrammatical
r y ʎ u	ungrammatical
z ɯ v y	ungrammatical
z o s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
l ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
l u b i	ungrammatical
s o t ø	ungrammatical
d u ɡ y	ungrammatical
r i ɡ y	ungrammatical
k y t o	ungrammatical
m u s o	ungrammatical
b o p o	ungrammatical
t a k o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ɟ o	ungrammatical
s o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a r o	ungrammatical
j o ɟ o	ungrammatical
f ɯ r y	ungrammatical
ɟ a j ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a t y	ungrammatical
r o b o	ungrammatical
tʃ o p ɯ	ungrammatical
z e s y	ungrammatical
z a n o	ungrammatical
b e f ø	ungrammatical
r ø ʃ u	ungrammatical
d i d ø	ungrammatical
m ø f o	ungrammatical
n e k y	ungrammatical
b i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i r u	ungrammatical
p e h y	ungrammatical
h a n i	ungrammatical
tʃ o d y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø l u	ungrammatical
tʃ y t u	ungrammatical
l o l o	ungrammatical
s o k o	ungrammatical
d ɯ t u	ungrammatical
ʎ a z ø	ungrammatical
d e ʃ u	ungrammatical
n e l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ p u	ungrammatical
ʎ ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
l e ʃ u	ungrammatical
s y r i	ungrammatical
ʎ y n i	ungrammatical
f ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
j u m i	ungrammatical
ʎ e r u	ungrammatical
tʃ o v ɯ	ungrammatical
v y dʒ o	ungrammatical
v a dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ i v y	ungrammatical
ɡ a d o	ungrammatical
ʃ y s i	ungrammatical
ʃ a v u	ungrammatical
m u m o	ungrammatical
d i k ɯ	ungrammatical
p u z o	ungrammatical
m u l i	ungrammatical
ʎ o dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ i s y	ungrammatical
m ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ s y	ungrammatical
p o h i	ungrammatical
ɟ a r u	ungrammatical
p ɯ k o	ungrammatical
t y v ø	ungrammatical
ɡ a dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ a h y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø j u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ m u	ungrammatical
dʒ o d o	ungrammatical
z ɯ r u	ungrammatical
t e k ɯ	ungrammatical
h y z ɯ	ungrammatical
l u ʒ ø	ungrammatical
t o ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʃ e l u	ungrammatical
n o n ɯ	ungrammatical
h u m y	ungrammatical
dʒ e n o	ungrammatical
l o ɟ o	ungrammatical
l u p o	ungrammatical
z a k o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
l e tʃ u	ungrammatical
s y ʒ i	ungrammatical
r ɯ p o	ungrammatical
ʎ e n y	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʃ i	ungrammatical
d u f y	ungrammatical
n ɯ t o	ungrammatical
n e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
v a ʎ o	ungrammatical
n u v y	ungrammatical
t i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
d o j i	ungrammatical
ɡ a k u	ungrammatical
b e h y	ungrammatical
d i dʒ y	ungrammatical
k u z ø	ungrammatical
r y ʃ o	ungrammatical
d o n o	ungrammatical
p a h o	ungrammatical
f ɯ t o	ungrammatical
p a ɟ i	ungrammatical
j a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
j i s o	ungrammatical
k y v ɯ	ungrammatical
z y p i	ungrammatical
t y n u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
b a z i	ungrammatical
k i t ɯ	ungrammatical
t i h y	ungrammatical
k ɯ n y	ungrammatical
s o h y	ungrammatical
ɡ i tʃ ø	ungrammatical
l u v ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o z ø	ungrammatical
m ø ʃ i	ungrammatical
l u n ø	ungrammatical
d a ɡ u	ungrammatical
s a d ø	ungrammatical
l i ʒ u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
d ɯ b i	ungrammatical
s e k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ a ɡ u	ungrammatical
d y h i	ungrammatical
p ø h u	ungrammatical
z o r ø	ungrammatical
h a p i	ungrammatical
f o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
p ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
h u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p a r ø	ungrammatical
s a f u	ungrammatical
tʃ e r ø	ungrammatical
dʒ y n ø	ungrammatical
f i ɡ ø	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ø m u	ungrammatical
p e f y	ungrammatical
t o b o	ungrammatical
s a ʎ o	ungrammatical
t u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
z a v o	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɡ u	ungrammatical
n u l ø	ungrammatical
r o j ɯ	ungrammatical
d u ɡ o	ungrammatical
j ø s o	ungrammatical
l a ɡ i	ungrammatical
p ɯ r o	ungrammatical
z i z o	ungrammatical
p a ʃ i	ungrammatical
j u ɟ y	ungrammatical
n ɯ k o	ungrammatical
l o h ø	ungrammatical
f e f ɯ	ungrammatical
v u f ɯ	ungrammatical
v o k o	ungrammatical
ʃ y j o	ungrammatical
f a ɡ ø	ungrammatical
r o n i	ungrammatical
ɟ o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
v e k y	ungrammatical
ʃ y j u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø k o	ungrammatical
z ɯ l i	ungrammatical
r e l ɯ	ungrammatical
l ɯ z ø	ungrammatical
r y n u	ungrammatical
s a k o	ungrammatical
t ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
d a d i	ungrammatical
ɟ a h i	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʃ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
p o r y	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
p y z o	ungrammatical
p ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
n y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʒ y	ungrammatical
dʒ u n o	ungrammatical
f o dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
p ø ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʎ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
s y s ø	ungrammatical
n y ɟ i	ungrammatical
l ø j o	ungrammatical
j o z i	ungrammatical
v u p ø	ungrammatical
s y l ɯ	ungrammatical
v a h o	ungrammatical
f u f ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u tʃ o	ungrammatical
b ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
k ø k i	ungrammatical
t ø s ø	ungrammatical
n i t o	ungrammatical
ɡ u f o	ungrammatical
t u ʎ y	ungrammatical
n ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a n i	ungrammatical
t i dʒ o	ungrammatical
s a t y	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ h y	ungrammatical
m o f i	ungrammatical
s o m o	ungrammatical
v u n y	ungrammatical
n ø m u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
n ø r u	ungrammatical
m u ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a r y	ungrammatical
v y f u	ungrammatical
m ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ s u	ungrammatical
r o ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ y v o	ungrammatical
p i ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e h ø	ungrammatical
k y b ɯ	ungrammatical
t e r u	ungrammatical
j u v o	ungrammatical
s a h ø	ungrammatical
d a dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ɟ y s u	ungrammatical
s e v u	ungrammatical
tʃ e h o	ungrammatical
tʃ a j y	ungrammatical
j ø j u	ungrammatical
r o f ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u r ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y p o	ungrammatical
p u j ø	ungrammatical
h ø m o	ungrammatical
n o t y	ungrammatical
z o l y	ungrammatical
j u v y	ungrammatical
l ø d i	ungrammatical
t y r ɯ	ungrammatical
f e f u	ungrammatical
r u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
r o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s y n ø	ungrammatical
t i dʒ ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ r u	ungrammatical
ʃ y z o	ungrammatical
l u b ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ s u	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʃ u	ungrammatical
f ø d i	ungrammatical
b u f i	ungrammatical
ʎ u j y	ungrammatical
dʒ a v y	ungrammatical
dʒ u n y	ungrammatical
ɡ a v u	ungrammatical
s y ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i ɡ y	ungrammatical
t y p u	ungrammatical
p ø z o	ungrammatical
d e z o	ungrammatical
dʒ u v i	ungrammatical
p u m ø	ungrammatical
p a s u	ungrammatical
r o p ɯ	ungrammatical
z i t ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a r u	ungrammatical
d ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
dʒ u tʃ i	ungrammatical
d y p u	ungrammatical
ɡ i dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ o t o	ungrammatical
z i ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
j i ɡ y	ungrammatical
ʃ u p y	ungrammatical
dʒ e m ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ p o	ungrammatical
z ɯ l o	ungrammatical
l i tʃ u	ungrammatical
f y l o	ungrammatical
h a k i	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
j a p ø	ungrammatical
l o z ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u r i	ungrammatical
s ɯ m u	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
j y d i	ungrammatical
d u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
h ø k i	ungrammatical
h i z ø	ungrammatical
t ɯ t u	ungrammatical
z ɯ n y	ungrammatical
h y j o	ungrammatical
dʒ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
p i tʃ y	ungrammatical
f y dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
p u k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
t o f i	ungrammatical
ʃ y b ø	ungrammatical
s y t ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ a b u	ungrammatical
s ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
b e b o	ungrammatical
ʒ a j ø	ungrammatical
r a s ø	ungrammatical
j y b o	ungrammatical
r ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
f ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s o s i	ungrammatical
ʎ i p ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɟ y	ungrammatical
k o d ɯ	ungrammatical
k a v i	ungrammatical
k ø r ɯ	ungrammatical
h u b ɯ	ungrammatical
z y d u	ungrammatical
s y l i	ungrammatical
p u h y	ungrammatical
b u z y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
d o r o	ungrammatical
ʒ u f i	ungrammatical
s y h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ o t y	ungrammatical
j i v u	ungrammatical
m o z i	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɡ u	ungrammatical
l a t o	ungrammatical
ʒ i n y	ungrammatical
v ɯ p o	ungrammatical
k e t ɯ	ungrammatical
b e t y	ungrammatical
p o ʎ ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ z u	ungrammatical
j e h y	ungrammatical
l o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l o ʃ i	ungrammatical
f e f o	ungrammatical
f y z u	ungrammatical
d ø p u	ungrammatical
ʒ y s i	ungrammatical
h ø k o	ungrammatical
t i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v e k ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʒ o	ungrammatical
h a p u	ungrammatical
p ø p o	ungrammatical
v ɯ j y	ungrammatical
s i ʃ u	ungrammatical
l ø s o	ungrammatical
ɡ u m ø	ungrammatical
l i p ɯ	ungrammatical
z e v o	ungrammatical
s ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
z u ɟ y	ungrammatical
r ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
ɡ o ʃ o	ungrammatical
f ɯ j u	ungrammatical
z i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i r y	ungrammatical
j o dʒ o	ungrammatical
d u t y	ungrammatical
m u z ø	ungrammatical
t i h o	ungrammatical
tʃ i r o	ungrammatical
m o s i	ungrammatical
v e d ɯ	ungrammatical
t y n o	ungrammatical
h ø tʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø j i	ungrammatical
f e j u	ungrammatical
ɟ e k ɯ	ungrammatical
m o r ɯ	ungrammatical
v u f i	ungrammatical
v u t i	ungrammatical
v ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø t u	ungrammatical
d a b i	ungrammatical
m u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø b ø	ungrammatical
f i d o	ungrammatical
f i l y	ungrammatical
p ɯ v y	ungrammatical
b o t ø	ungrammatical
r i r ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u j o	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʎ y	ungrammatical
z ɯ r y	ungrammatical
k ɯ d u	ungrammatical
f o tʃ i	ungrammatical
r y k o	ungrammatical
n ø t o	ungrammatical
m u dʒ y	ungrammatical
r i dʒ y	ungrammatical
n y m o	ungrammatical
d ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
b e tʃ y	ungrammatical
v ɯ h o	ungrammatical
tʃ e j ɯ	ungrammatical
p i ɡ o	ungrammatical
dʒ o ʒ y	ungrammatical
d y h ø	ungrammatical
k a ʎ y	ungrammatical
h a p ø	ungrammatical
h u l y	ungrammatical
d o z o	ungrammatical
j i k ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y s ø	ungrammatical
ɟ a b i	ungrammatical
h ɯ tʃ i	ungrammatical
f e n ø	ungrammatical
r ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i n u	ungrammatical
ɟ o l ø	ungrammatical
s i h y	ungrammatical
t o z ɯ	ungrammatical
f a h o	ungrammatical
ɟ e p o	ungrammatical
s u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
s y j u	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ y s o	ungrammatical
v ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
j i j o	ungrammatical
ɡ a b u	ungrammatical
ɡ e f o	ungrammatical
s o d ø	ungrammatical
k e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
k y n u	ungrammatical
m ɯ d i	ungrammatical
s o r ɯ	ungrammatical
f y b u	ungrammatical
k o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʃ o	ungrammatical
tʃ y m o	ungrammatical
f ø j ɯ	ungrammatical
t ɯ j y	ungrammatical
ʃ u ʃ ø	ungrammatical
j a j y	ungrammatical
b e ʃ u	ungrammatical
d y dʒ u	ungrammatical
n ø f i	ungrammatical
dʒ y d ɯ	ungrammatical
k i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
k u j o	ungrammatical
j u b i	ungrammatical
p y n i	ungrammatical
d ø h ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a k i	ungrammatical
r y n i	ungrammatical
p ɯ t y	ungrammatical
h u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
n o ʒ o	ungrammatical
l ɯ d i	ungrammatical
j u z y	ungrammatical
b i p ɯ	ungrammatical
j o ʒ i	ungrammatical
tʃ o f ø	ungrammatical
s i b u	ungrammatical
m u l o	ungrammatical
l ø r ø	ungrammatical
ʃ u dʒ y	ungrammatical
d y s ɯ	ungrammatical
s e p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y j i	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø r o	ungrammatical
s e ʒ y	ungrammatical
d i ʃ u	ungrammatical
r ɯ r u	ungrammatical
s a l y	ungrammatical
n i l u	ungrammatical
z ɯ m y	ungrammatical
p ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
l y d o	ungrammatical
b ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ d ø	ungrammatical
m u h ø	ungrammatical
r y r o	ungrammatical
k ɯ d y	ungrammatical
d y ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j o d y	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɡ ø	ungrammatical
r o b ø	ungrammatical
s u ɡ y	ungrammatical
s e r u	ungrammatical
m e l u	ungrammatical
p u k ø	ungrammatical
k i s y	ungrammatical
l a j i	ungrammatical
ʎ u v i	ungrammatical
l i m o	ungrammatical
d o v ø	ungrammatical
s u ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ k o	ungrammatical
l y ɡ o	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
j o s o	ungrammatical
h u b y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ s ø	ungrammatical
j a m i	ungrammatical
f o h ɯ	ungrammatical
k e p o	ungrammatical
l e ɟ o	ungrammatical
t y d o	ungrammatical
p u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o h ø	ungrammatical
d ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
v e j o	ungrammatical
f a z i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ k u	ungrammatical
r o l ø	ungrammatical
h u j y	ungrammatical
b ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ y l ø	ungrammatical
t ø ɡ i	ungrammatical
ʒ ø v ɯ	ungrammatical
b a l ø	ungrammatical
k u j y	ungrammatical
t a j ø	ungrammatical
z a j o	ungrammatical
d ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
j y v u	ungrammatical
b ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
d e tʃ y	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
ʒ y b i	ungrammatical
f u p ɯ	ungrammatical
v y p ø	ungrammatical
k i m ɯ	ungrammatical
f u v i	ungrammatical
z o j ø	ungrammatical
b y ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ u ʃ y	ungrammatical
j u b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y j i	ungrammatical
r ɯ ʒ u	ungrammatical
m i ʎ u	ungrammatical
ʒ y n i	ungrammatical
j y l ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o p ø	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
h a z o	ungrammatical
b o tʃ o	ungrammatical
p o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
m i p ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e v u	ungrammatical
k y ʃ i	ungrammatical
m ø l u	ungrammatical
p u ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɡ u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
z i t u	ungrammatical
ʒ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʎ y h u	ungrammatical
r e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b a m ø	ungrammatical
f o h i	ungrammatical
v ɯ t u	ungrammatical
h a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
v ø j ø	ungrammatical
z ø b o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ s y	ungrammatical
k u p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
p ɯ p u	ungrammatical
s o s y	ungrammatical
f e z u	ungrammatical
p y d i	ungrammatical
r i b ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
j e m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ a t y	ungrammatical
dʒ o b ɯ	ungrammatical
d a h i	ungrammatical
m ø k ø	ungrammatical
m u n ɯ	ungrammatical
m o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r a f u	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ t y	ungrammatical
f o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
f a d u	ungrammatical
h i f o	ungrammatical
v ɯ b o	ungrammatical
ʃ u ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l e d ɯ	ungrammatical
s a j ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø l u	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
h o t i	ungrammatical
d o ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y z u	ungrammatical
f o ɟ i	ungrammatical
p o ʒ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i f ø	ungrammatical
k o m ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r i h y	ungrammatical
tʃ i s y	ungrammatical
r i l y	ungrammatical
ʃ a h u	ungrammatical
h ɯ t ø	ungrammatical
k ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
z e k u	ungrammatical
b o s y	ungrammatical
p i dʒ u	ungrammatical
m i s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y ɡ o	ungrammatical
k y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e ʒ u	ungrammatical
h i d u	ungrammatical
tʃ e s u	ungrammatical
tʃ u j ɯ	ungrammatical
t u f o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ɡ u	ungrammatical
p ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p i j ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø ʎ i	ungrammatical
p a d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d o h ø	ungrammatical
z u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
m ɯ j u	ungrammatical
ɟ o d y	ungrammatical
l ø ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɟ i p o	ungrammatical
z a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø m u	ungrammatical
d a b u	ungrammatical
ʒ a t i	ungrammatical
r a ʒ y	ungrammatical
t ø h u	ungrammatical
f a m o	ungrammatical
k i s ø	ungrammatical
h ɯ l u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ b i	ungrammatical
z i f ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u h i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ y	ungrammatical
s u n ø	ungrammatical
t a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
h ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
ʒ o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
t u n o	ungrammatical
s ɯ r u	ungrammatical
j ø n o	ungrammatical
d y m u	ungrammatical
t e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
l a ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʎ y m ø	ungrammatical
b ɯ m y	ungrammatical
r i k o	ungrammatical
ʃ e k o	ungrammatical
j u n i	ungrammatical
f y s i	ungrammatical
p y z i	ungrammatical
f ø f i	ungrammatical
n i d y	ungrammatical
f e n y	ungrammatical
f u ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
t ø z i	ungrammatical
v e b y	ungrammatical
ʒ i n o	ungrammatical
n ø m ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ i dʒ u	ungrammatical
h a dʒ u	ungrammatical
p e dʒ y	ungrammatical
b i m o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ h o	ungrammatical
n u ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ i d u	ungrammatical
r a k i	ungrammatical
ʎ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
b a k u	ungrammatical
j a ʎ y	ungrammatical
m y d ɯ	ungrammatical
b ø l o	ungrammatical
j a h o	ungrammatical
t i s y	ungrammatical
ʃ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
j o j o	ungrammatical
z u l o	ungrammatical
b o z o	ungrammatical
dʒ e j o	ungrammatical
ɡ a l ø	ungrammatical
s i h u	ungrammatical
n i f ø	ungrammatical
n e j o	ungrammatical
z i l ø	ungrammatical
d o k ɯ	ungrammatical
s y v ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
p o l y	ungrammatical
v ø r ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ f i	ungrammatical
m i m ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø v ø	ungrammatical
z o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n u ɡ o	ungrammatical
t y m u	ungrammatical
m ø r ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a tʃ u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ o	ungrammatical
j i z y	ungrammatical
k y l ɯ	ungrammatical
t e m y	ungrammatical
ɡ i t u	ungrammatical
r a j u	ungrammatical
l e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ y r ɯ	ungrammatical
k e p y	ungrammatical
s y ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ e v ø	ungrammatical
n y ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n ø t u	ungrammatical
ʒ i p ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y d o	ungrammatical
r ø h o	ungrammatical
v ø f o	ungrammatical
l u tʃ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ p ø	ungrammatical
n a n o	ungrammatical
ʎ u s y	ungrammatical
h ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a j o	ungrammatical
t e ʒ u	ungrammatical
p e k o	ungrammatical
p i dʒ o	ungrammatical
n a ʃ y	ungrammatical
p e ʒ u	ungrammatical
d y m ø	ungrammatical
n i f y	ungrammatical
ʒ ø n o	ungrammatical
m a s i	ungrammatical
p ø k u	ungrammatical
dʒ o f o	ungrammatical
b ø p ɯ	ungrammatical
k y n o	ungrammatical
l o v y	ungrammatical
dʒ e tʃ o	ungrammatical
p o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
z a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
d y f i	ungrammatical
ɡ e f ɯ	ungrammatical
z i r ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u n y	ungrammatical
tʃ a tʃ y	ungrammatical
s y d ɯ	ungrammatical
t a m o	ungrammatical
ɟ e r ɯ	ungrammatical
s y p i	ungrammatical
z u l i	ungrammatical
n a r o	ungrammatical
ɟ a ʃ y	ungrammatical
f ø l o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø l ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a p o	ungrammatical
ʒ ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o b ɯ	ungrammatical
j y f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o s ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø h o	ungrammatical
l e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i n o	ungrammatical
l u dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
r o r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø l ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɡ u v o	ungrammatical
z ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
l y h ø	ungrammatical
k e ʎ o	ungrammatical
r e v y	ungrammatical
f ɯ v o	ungrammatical
n o j o	ungrammatical
h o ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s e d y	ungrammatical
t i n ɯ	ungrammatical
r u v ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
k ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
j i b o	ungrammatical
ʎ e h u	ungrammatical
j u j y	ungrammatical
p o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e n y	ungrammatical
s u f ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ø dʒ i	ungrammatical
ʒ u m o	ungrammatical
h u k y	ungrammatical
b ɯ l y	ungrammatical
m o b ɯ	ungrammatical
j i t o	ungrammatical
d o d y	ungrammatical
f ɯ l u	ungrammatical
f y tʃ u	ungrammatical
d ɯ b y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ s i	ungrammatical
n o n i	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ tʃ u	ungrammatical
ʎ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
l ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
tʃ o s y	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ u d i	ungrammatical
t i ʎ o	ungrammatical
d o ʃ i	ungrammatical
ɡ e b ø	ungrammatical
k e h ɯ	ungrammatical
j u t o	ungrammatical
v e t o	ungrammatical
h u ʎ o	ungrammatical
n a s ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ e k u	ungrammatical
h o h ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ f o	ungrammatical
l ø l u	ungrammatical
n y s o	ungrammatical
ɡ a j u	ungrammatical
t u ɟ o	ungrammatical
tʃ a ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m u z i	ungrammatical
dʒ y ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
j ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
s i d u	ungrammatical
s ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
z e n u	ungrammatical
ʃ i l y	ungrammatical
ʃ i j o	ungrammatical
z a ʃ y	ungrammatical
f i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
t u tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
r i m u	ungrammatical
j e t y	ungrammatical
t a ɟ y	ungrammatical
m ø t ø	ungrammatical
b ø z o	ungrammatical
r ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
ɟ u ʎ y	ungrammatical
d i dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ k i	ungrammatical
l i p u	ungrammatical
tʃ i l ø	ungrammatical
l y ʃ u	ungrammatical
tʃ y s ø	ungrammatical
r ø k ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o s y	ungrammatical
p o ʃ ø	ungrammatical
n y h o	ungrammatical
z a ʒ o	ungrammatical
ɟ e j ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ i v o	ungrammatical
h o z i	ungrammatical
f a b o	ungrammatical
h ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
m o p i	ungrammatical
s y ɟ ø	ungrammatical
b i ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
d ɯ j ø	ungrammatical
f a ɡ o	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ n y	ungrammatical
ɡ y l ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ p i	ungrammatical
s a dʒ y	ungrammatical
k ɯ r ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø n i	ungrammatical
n o m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø t i	ungrammatical
k e m ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e l ɯ	ungrammatical
r o n ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e ɡ y	ungrammatical
z e b o	ungrammatical
p e ɡ y	ungrammatical
k a z y	ungrammatical
ʎ u k i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø n u	ungrammatical
p a h i	ungrammatical
f i m ɯ	ungrammatical
r u ʃ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
b o b i	ungrammatical
s u h y	ungrammatical
k i v u	ungrammatical
ʒ e d u	ungrammatical
tʃ e s ɯ	ungrammatical
n e p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ v ø	ungrammatical
k y p i	ungrammatical
f a tʃ o	ungrammatical
k i p o	ungrammatical
ɟ o b i	ungrammatical
m i h y	ungrammatical
tʃ e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f e l o	ungrammatical
ʃ y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a k i	ungrammatical
r a ɟ ø	ungrammatical
z i n u	ungrammatical
ɡ o p o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø l ø	ungrammatical
n ø tʃ u	ungrammatical
j u ɡ i	ungrammatical
l e l u	ungrammatical
p u j ɯ	ungrammatical
r a n i	ungrammatical
v o ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
l o z y	ungrammatical
ʒ e ɟ y	ungrammatical
s y d i	ungrammatical
d i tʃ o	ungrammatical
m a m i	ungrammatical
v a v o	ungrammatical
m o n y	ungrammatical
h ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
b i j ɯ	ungrammatical
r i f ɯ	ungrammatical
f y n u	ungrammatical
j ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʎ o	ungrammatical
p e p ɯ	ungrammatical
k a ʒ y	ungrammatical
ʒ a tʃ y	ungrammatical
h a v i	ungrammatical
dʒ y tʃ i	ungrammatical
dʒ i l o	ungrammatical
h o dʒ y	ungrammatical
d u ʎ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ i f ø	ungrammatical
f o z ɯ	ungrammatical
t u t o	ungrammatical
f i r y	ungrammatical
ʎ o f y	ungrammatical
n ø k ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
t e d ø	ungrammatical
h o p i	ungrammatical
tʃ y dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ o n ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a m o	ungrammatical
f e s ø	ungrammatical
s ɯ b u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø m ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e tʃ y	ungrammatical
m o m o	ungrammatical
f a ʒ o	ungrammatical
z u ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
t o tʃ i	ungrammatical
m u tʃ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ o v i	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ d o	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ f o	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʎ u	ungrammatical
p ø l o	ungrammatical
n y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɡ y b i	ungrammatical
z e ɡ u	ungrammatical
v y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
s i k o	ungrammatical
j i s ø	ungrammatical
v a ɟ o	ungrammatical
r ɯ h i	ungrammatical
f u t ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y l i	ungrammatical
j u ʎ i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
r y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
b i ʎ y	ungrammatical
m y h u	ungrammatical
v ɯ d i	ungrammatical
d u j o	ungrammatical
n i t y	ungrammatical
d e z y	ungrammatical
tʃ o tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
b y j ø	ungrammatical
b u k i	ungrammatical
f ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
m y b ø	ungrammatical
r ɯ v y	ungrammatical
t i n y	ungrammatical
v a ʎ i	ungrammatical
r e j o	ungrammatical
m ɯ d o	ungrammatical
b ɯ b i	ungrammatical
k i ɟ y	ungrammatical
ɟ a r ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e b ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ i h u	ungrammatical
ʎ i h o	ungrammatical
tʃ u k ɯ	ungrammatical
s u l ø	ungrammatical
t y l o	ungrammatical
f ɯ b y	ungrammatical
p o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
k i j ɯ	ungrammatical
j o d ɯ	ungrammatical
j y l ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y d o	ungrammatical
v y k u	ungrammatical
dʒ e l ø	ungrammatical
m a r y	ungrammatical
r a m i	ungrammatical
d ø h u	ungrammatical
b o b ɯ	ungrammatical
b ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
j ø s ø	ungrammatical
f ɯ d y	ungrammatical
ɡ o f ɯ	ungrammatical
k u ʎ i	ungrammatical
h i h u	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɟ i	ungrammatical
n e s y	ungrammatical
z e r y	ungrammatical
ʒ y h ø	ungrammatical
tʃ e s o	ungrammatical
ʃ ø dʒ u	ungrammatical
m i v ø	ungrammatical
m i f ø	ungrammatical
k o p y	ungrammatical
p ɯ l ø	ungrammatical
n a d y	ungrammatical
ɟ ɯ f i	ungrammatical
tʃ i ɟ y	ungrammatical
ʎ u d o	ungrammatical
j y h i	ungrammatical
d u dʒ y	ungrammatical
s o dʒ i	ungrammatical
v ɯ v o	ungrammatical
tʃ i v ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a s o	ungrammatical
ʎ o j y	ungrammatical
ɟ ø dʒ ø	ungrammatical
j u v i	ungrammatical
n ø l ø	ungrammatical
j a m o	ungrammatical
f i dʒ y	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʃ ø	ungrammatical
s e ʃ y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ r i	ungrammatical
ʃ i j ɯ	ungrammatical
s u ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
p y ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
d e d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a b o	ungrammatical
ʃ o t ø	ungrammatical
r i s ɯ	ungrammatical
m i s y	ungrammatical
p i f o	ungrammatical
p i l o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʎ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y n u	ungrammatical
ɡ ø m o	ungrammatical
f o dʒ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ s o	ungrammatical
p ɯ l y	ungrammatical
ʒ i ɟ ø	ungrammatical
b u d ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ p y	ungrammatical
k y r u	ungrammatical
l o ʒ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
t a dʒ i	ungrammatical
t o r ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y s o	ungrammatical
d y t o	ungrammatical
j i ɡ o	ungrammatical
r a dʒ y	ungrammatical
t ɯ n u	ungrammatical
v i m y	ungrammatical
v i r y	ungrammatical
v ø d u	ungrammatical
d a j ø	ungrammatical
l e m u	ungrammatical
r ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
n y ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
f a r y	ungrammatical
r y k u	ungrammatical
ʎ i r ø	ungrammatical
r e dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʃ o b y	ungrammatical
s a ɟ y	ungrammatical
m i s ø	ungrammatical
s i k ø	ungrammatical
p u b y	ungrammatical
v e tʃ u	ungrammatical
p e m ø	ungrammatical
t e tʃ y	ungrammatical
s u n o	ungrammatical
d ø s i	ungrammatical
p ø s ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e dʒ o	ungrammatical
p o p o	ungrammatical
r o tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
z ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø t o	ungrammatical
v i d ø	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ t o	ungrammatical
v e s y	ungrammatical
r u r ɯ	ungrammatical
v u p o	ungrammatical
ʃ i s ɯ	ungrammatical
b a ʎ y	ungrammatical
v e l ø	ungrammatical
z ø l u	ungrammatical
k a j u	ungrammatical
ʎ y t ɯ	ungrammatical
z ɯ m i	ungrammatical
b ɯ v y	ungrammatical
ʒ y m u	ungrammatical
j e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
k e l y	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʃ y	ungrammatical
k e ʃ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
d u t o	ungrammatical
ɟ e tʃ y	ungrammatical
l u d ɯ	ungrammatical
m ɯ ʃ o	ungrammatical
n e ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u f y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ dʒ u	ungrammatical
ʎ u k o	ungrammatical
z e ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ɯ p y	ungrammatical
t e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
m e ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
s y v u	ungrammatical
h y r i	ungrammatical
ɟ e ʃ o	ungrammatical
ɡ a tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ e p ɯ	ungrammatical
h o h i	ungrammatical
b ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
t a f ø	ungrammatical
tʃ u f i	ungrammatical
tʃ y ɡ i	ungrammatical
m ø d o	ungrammatical
m a d i	ungrammatical
ʃ i k o	ungrammatical
ʒ e k ø	ungrammatical
v u l y	ungrammatical
ɡ y ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
n ø n ɯ	ungrammatical
k e d o	ungrammatical
z u p y	ungrammatical
ʃ i f ɯ	ungrammatical
j e z ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o t i	ungrammatical
ɟ i d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø l i	ungrammatical
j u f ɯ	ungrammatical
z a ʎ i	ungrammatical
b ø b ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ ø j i	ungrammatical
m o r o	ungrammatical
l ɯ h i	ungrammatical
z u z o	ungrammatical
b y b u	ungrammatical
ʃ u b i	ungrammatical
k y f ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ r y	ungrammatical
d o b y	ungrammatical
ɡ i h ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e ɡ o	ungrammatical
f a t u	ungrammatical
tʃ a z i	ungrammatical
ʎ o s ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ e z ɯ	ungrammatical
k ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
m i t y	ungrammatical
ʒ o f i	ungrammatical
ʒ u s y	ungrammatical
j ɯ t y	ungrammatical
ʒ a v o	ungrammatical
f a tʃ u	ungrammatical
p y s i	ungrammatical
ʃ e r ø	ungrammatical
ʎ o f o	ungrammatical
ʒ o d o	ungrammatical
ɟ i n o	ungrammatical
f ø m o	ungrammatical
v o d i	ungrammatical
r e dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d y r i	ungrammatical
ɟ i r o	ungrammatical
p y ɡ o	ungrammatical
f i n ø	ungrammatical
b ø m ɯ	ungrammatical
n e m o	ungrammatical
r a z u	ungrammatical
n ø n ø	ungrammatical
j i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ i dʒ o	ungrammatical
ɡ y r u	ungrammatical
s e f ɯ	ungrammatical
d a r i	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʃ y h ø	ungrammatical
s o ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ ø ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y r i	ungrammatical
j u z ø	ungrammatical
ʒ u v y	ungrammatical
ʒ a b ø	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɟ o	ungrammatical
z ø v i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ t i	ungrammatical
n e b ɯ	ungrammatical
f e ɟ u	ungrammatical
ʃ a p i	ungrammatical
d i m ɯ	ungrammatical
l i l u	ungrammatical
p a b ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a v y	ungrammatical
s e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ p o	ungrammatical
b ø l ɯ	ungrammatical
b u j y	ungrammatical
t y tʃ o	ungrammatical
z y d ɯ	ungrammatical
k a ɟ o	ungrammatical
p e s u	ungrammatical
r o ɟ y	ungrammatical
j y ʒ o	ungrammatical
r ø f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e v ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ø r u	ungrammatical
v a z y	ungrammatical
dʒ e ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p y t o	ungrammatical
l y p u	ungrammatical
s i d y	ungrammatical
k e t o	ungrammatical
j ɯ f y	ungrammatical
l o p ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
tʃ ø d o	ungrammatical
ɡ e k o	ungrammatical
dʒ i m ɯ	ungrammatical
n e ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ u f ø	ungrammatical
k e ɟ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ i j ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u h y	ungrammatical
ʎ ø j u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø z i	ungrammatical
l ø ɟ o	ungrammatical
n o dʒ o	ungrammatical
s e d ɯ	ungrammatical
l e b y	ungrammatical
v e n u	ungrammatical
tʃ u ʎ y	ungrammatical
ʒ i s ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a tʃ o	ungrammatical
m o d ø	ungrammatical
m ø m i	ungrammatical
v y j u	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ v o	ungrammatical
p ɯ ɟ o	ungrammatical
v a z i	ungrammatical
j i t u	ungrammatical
n e p ɯ	ungrammatical
n y n i	ungrammatical
k i f o	ungrammatical
t i ɡ o	ungrammatical
t a ɡ o	ungrammatical
h a l ø	ungrammatical
d a t o	ungrammatical
p a ʎ y	ungrammatical
h a s u	ungrammatical
h e j y	ungrammatical
m e d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o r ø	ungrammatical
b ø ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ m ø	ungrammatical
j o l ɯ	ungrammatical
s ø j u	ungrammatical
b o f ø	ungrammatical
d i k u	ungrammatical
v i ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʃ i b ɯ	ungrammatical
n i m u	ungrammatical
d i t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ e ʒ o	ungrammatical
j o b ɯ	ungrammatical
j o l o	ungrammatical
z y n ɯ	ungrammatical
k y f u	ungrammatical
ɟ o k i	ungrammatical
r o m o	ungrammatical
b i n ø	ungrammatical
f u d ø	ungrammatical
ɡ o n ɯ	ungrammatical
h u l i	ungrammatical
n u f o	ungrammatical
j ø ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ u tʃ y	ungrammatical
ʎ u j ø	ungrammatical
l ɯ k u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø n u	ungrammatical
f ɯ z u	ungrammatical
k u ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
d e h y	ungrammatical
b u tʃ y	ungrammatical
b u t o	ungrammatical
h ø z i	ungrammatical
h a f i	ungrammatical
t i j u	ungrammatical
s ɯ tʃ o	ungrammatical
ʃ a ɡ o	ungrammatical
n ɯ ɟ y	ungrammatical
t i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
n e r ø	ungrammatical
ɟ y z ø	ungrammatical
h ø ʎ o	ungrammatical
n i n o	ungrammatical
ɟ o m ø	ungrammatical
s u tʃ i	ungrammatical
m u ɡ i	ungrammatical
k ø p i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
t y f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʃ e ɡ o	ungrammatical
ɡ a r ø	ungrammatical
f e t ɯ	ungrammatical
j i d u	ungrammatical
ʃ o b ɯ	ungrammatical
r e h ø	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ h u	ungrammatical
tʃ i j y	ungrammatical
dʒ i ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
s ɯ t o	ungrammatical
ʎ a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɟ i dʒ y	ungrammatical
f o l o	ungrammatical
n o ɟ o	ungrammatical
l e h ɯ	ungrammatical
k y d ø	ungrammatical
d u k ø	ungrammatical
l y z ɯ	ungrammatical
j a dʒ o	ungrammatical
k u k ɯ	ungrammatical
n e t y	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɟ o	ungrammatical
j e r u	ungrammatical
n o h o	ungrammatical
b a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
v i j ø	ungrammatical
p o dʒ y	ungrammatical
ɡ ø p i	ungrammatical
m o t ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
ʒ a k o	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ɡ o	ungrammatical
h ɯ ʎ y	ungrammatical
s i n y	ungrammatical
l i tʃ y	ungrammatical
r o t ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ a ʒ y	ungrammatical
s e ʎ y	ungrammatical
p i n u	ungrammatical
f ø d u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø n ø	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ɟ u	ungrammatical
b i ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʎ y d ɯ	ungrammatical
t a z o	ungrammatical
f i t y	ungrammatical
r e ɡ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ a j i	ungrammatical
s u p ø	ungrammatical
t a tʃ i	ungrammatical
b ø m i	ungrammatical
h a r u	ungrammatical
dʒ o h ɯ	ungrammatical
f ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
b e b ø	ungrammatical
s y z ɯ	ungrammatical
l ø ʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
tʃ i n u	ungrammatical
ʃ ø tʃ i	ungrammatical
k ø n u	ungrammatical
dʒ i t ø	ungrammatical
b ø ʎ ø	ungrammatical
r u n i	ungrammatical
t o d o	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
m y k ɯ	ungrammatical
z i ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʎ u r ø	ungrammatical
z u z ø	ungrammatical
h y k ɯ	ungrammatical
d y r ø	ungrammatical
f o z ø	ungrammatical
j ø p ø	ungrammatical
ʎ e b y	ungrammatical
ʎ u k ø	ungrammatical
k o h ɯ	ungrammatical
p o p ø	ungrammatical
dʒ e n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
z e k ø	ungrammatical
dʒ a s i	ungrammatical
ʃ o n o	ungrammatical
f o f ø	ungrammatical
d o n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ e m o	ungrammatical
r i l o	ungrammatical
b y f u	ungrammatical
j u ʒ o	ungrammatical
t ø d ø	ungrammatical
ʃ a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
r ø v i	ungrammatical
p i f ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ u d ɯ	ungrammatical
ɡ ø k o	ungrammatical
s u b ɯ	ungrammatical
b e p y	ungrammatical
k a s u	ungrammatical
f a s ø	ungrammatical
p o d y	ungrammatical
l y f ø	ungrammatical
b ø n o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
p ɯ l u	ungrammatical
p a h ø	ungrammatical
dʒ i ʒ o	ungrammatical
m o ʃ o	ungrammatical
s ø m ø	ungrammatical
f e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
dʒ o m ø	ungrammatical
v o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
n a p ø	ungrammatical
f i b u	ungrammatical
s a b y	ungrammatical
m e t ɯ	ungrammatical
ɟ ø dʒ o	ungrammatical
h e s o	ungrammatical
d y ɟ o	ungrammatical
n o z o	ungrammatical
b ɯ ɟ ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ y f ɯ	ungrammatical
z u n y	ungrammatical
f e f y	ungrammatical
tʃ o j y	ungrammatical
l u z ø	ungrammatical
d y f u	ungrammatical
ɟ i f ɯ	ungrammatical
v o p y	ungrammatical
m a ʃ ø	ungrammatical
s o v ɯ	ungrammatical
dʒ e t y	ungrammatical
f ø s o	ungrammatical
ɟ ø z u	ungrammatical
r ɯ v i	ungrammatical
ʎ ø d o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø f o	ungrammatical
tʃ i ʎ y	ungrammatical
r i v o	ungrammatical
s ɯ h o	ungrammatical
m o n o	ungrammatical
r a s o	ungrammatical
z ɯ v i	ungrammatical
z a dʒ ø	ungrammatical
n y k u	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʒ i	ungrammatical
h o ɡ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ j y	ungrammatical
dʒ ø k ɯ	ungrammatical
l o ɡ o	ungrammatical
p u tʃ i	ungrammatical
v y l i	ungrammatical
m u r o	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ dʒ y	ungrammatical
t ø z ɯ	ungrammatical
n o d y	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ i	ungrammatical
t o z ø	ungrammatical
z a j u	ungrammatical
p i l ø	ungrammatical
j ɯ ʒ i	ungrammatical
k i z y	ungrammatical
m ɯ ɡ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ f ø	ungrammatical
n o ɡ y	ungrammatical
z e ʃ u	ungrammatical
h ø tʃ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ ø ɡ ø	ungrammatical
f ø t ɯ	ungrammatical
j e ʒ y	ungrammatical
ɟ e f o	ungrammatical
ʒ a s ø	ungrammatical
ʃ o l o	ungrammatical
h o tʃ ø	ungrammatical
tʃ o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
b i tʃ o	ungrammatical
f ɯ ʒ ø	ungrammatical
b u b o	ungrammatical
j ø m o	ungrammatical
k u m y	ungrammatical
ɡ ɯ z o	ungrammatical
p i k ɯ	ungrammatical
v ɯ p y	ungrammatical
p i ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p i z ɯ	ungrammatical
m a r u	ungrammatical
z o r ɯ	ungrammatical
m a n y	ungrammatical
m i j o	ungrammatical
ɟ a d y	ungrammatical
ɡ o m o	ungrammatical
t y dʒ o	ungrammatical
dʒ ø ʎ ɯ	ungrammatical
m a h ø	ungrammatical
tʃ ø ɟ ɯ	ungrammatical
l y k i	ungrammatical
ʃ i n ø	ungrammatical
z a m o	ungrammatical
b o ʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
j u l i	ungrammatical
f o n ø	ungrammatical
ɡ u j ɯ	ungrammatical
v u f y	ungrammatical
ɡ u k o	ungrammatical
dʒ e l y	ungrammatical
r e z u	ungrammatical
b o f ɯ	ungrammatical
h e tʃ o	ungrammatical
dʒ o dʒ ɯ	ungrammatical
p a f ø	ungrammatical
p i p ɯ	ungrammatical
d a z o	ungrammatical
l e n ø	ungrammatical
b ø ʒ o	ungrammatical
ʒ y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
ʎ y ʒ ø	ungrammatical
r y l u	ungrammatical
ɟ ø tʃ ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ o l ɯ	ungrammatical
d e tʃ ø	ungrammatical
j y d ɯ	ungrammatical
k u j ɯ	ungrammatical
d o t y	ungrammatical
t a ʎ ø	ungrammatical
t u ɟ ø	ungrammatical
z o n y	ungrammatical
p ø h o	ungrammatical
k ɯ ɟ u	ungrammatical
f i j u	ungrammatical
ʃ e n y	ungrammatical
r y h u	ungrammatical
b e f y	ungrammatical
ʎ u dʒ y	ungrammatical
n a dʒ y	ungrammatical
tʃ a r u	ungrammatical
r u p i	ungrammatical
l a r ø	ungrammatical
m u h i	ungrammatical
z i s u	ungrammatical
l u j o	ungrammatical
dʒ y l ɯ	ungrammatical
r y ɟ u	ungrammatical
ɟ y ʎ i	ungrammatical
ʃ ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
ʃ y tʃ u	ungrammatical
dʒ ɯ ʃ i	ungrammatical
m a k y	ungrammatical
h ɯ k ø	ungrammatical
t o z i	ungrammatical
tʃ ɯ ɡ y	ungrammatical
v ø s o	ungrammatical
tʃ y l ɯ	ungrammatical
h u d ɯ	ungrammatical
b y k o	ungrammatical
t a m i	ungrammatical
p y f ɯ	ungrammatical
v i n ø	ungrammatical
r ø d i	ungrammatical
z o l ø	ungrammatical
h u ɡ ø	ungrammatical
p e ʎ ø	ungrammatical
r u tʃ y	ungrammatical
dʒ e b o	ungrammatical
h o t y	ungrammatical
r i ɟ o	ungrammatical
n u p i	ungrammatical
f u dʒ ø	ungrammatical
ɟ e b ø	ungrammatical
v e z ɯ	ungrammatical
d ø l o	ungrammatical
tʃ a ɟ u	ungrammatical
j ɯ k i	ungrammatical
ʎ ɯ ʎ o	ungrammatical
d e f ɯ	ungrammatical
ʒ e z ø	ungrammatical
n i j y	ungrammatical
ʒ ɯ p u	ungrammatical
m i ʒ ø	ungrammatical
t a h ø	ungrammatical
m o b i	ungrammatical
p o j ø	ungrammatical
z a s i	ungrammatical
f o tʃ y	ungrammatical
